ah
[Music]
[Applause]
k
[Music]
today fun today fun to branch of
funny television today
Today, whatever you want, the discussion will be organized.
Listen to fresh gossip and all the gossip
The most important stories are about to begin
juicy ones are going to shine prepare the sofa
that you're not going to stop the Corrillo has already arrived
with laughter and fun on TV
Everything is emotion, the choir has arrived and here
it is lived with passion
[Music]
I have already arrived
Oh and to the wheel of secrets each
history has a challenge news that does not
you will forget there is always much more here today
the choir has already arrived
with with masses plot and fun oh oh oh
on TV everything is
The Corrillo has already arrived with Brisas grama and
Fun on TV, everything is exciting.
Corrillo has already arrived and lives here with
passion Oh H the wheel of secrets
Every story has a challenge news that
No
you'll forget there's always so much more here oh
[Music]
Oh the choir already
the wheel of secrets has turned
Every story has a challenge news that
You won't forget there's always much more here
Today the group has arrived
with laughter plot and fun oh oh in
The fight is too exciting, the Corrillo is already
arrive
with laughter and fun
The Corrillo has already arrived and lives here
with
passion Good night family Good before
that nothing as usual
I think I'm going to use it, yes I think
that we are going to market with ZOR
Gossip and we're going to marry her off
How are you? Does it sound good? Not everything is okay?
Well, what was I wishing for? Not that
this music is no longer heard. That is, no
This music has been heard since the year
past It was about time eh It was about time let's see
I'm going to put people in here.
Seeing that people are missing, I don't know what's wrong with him.
But well, in the end, I always have it.
the fault of being late and here
missing Peña What's up How are you Hey What
both of them pretty no How pretty both of them Yes
I have covered the dark circles as best I could
Here we are with everything Hey, what's wrong?
What's wrong with you today? Everyone came, not today.
Carmen came Yes Carmen Sister Cotilla
also and FJ was a little
so-so and he said that later it might be the same
after his live show that came Ah Pero
Yes, I have seen that everyone had
well written How are you Happy New Year
new first first time we come no
In the year Oye we had left it as
parked not between the rim and me
I was sick and I went on a trip and that
then it cost us a bit to get going
and also the topics are a little not
We are there moving the eve a little
Let's see if the topics get lively
because I don't see a little more and we'll be
we get together for Halloween you know let's see it's
what a thing you dedicate the channel to
to the baby of Anave Pantoja or or there is no
way not from what I see here on YouTube
It's not that yes, it's that there isn't, it's that there isn't
There are very few gossip topics and it is
like being very monothematic and then
they are by the buns
but in the end there comes a time
What do you say? What do I answer? What do you say?
I really answer Well today we are going to
having to answer a little about everything
you two precisely because you
They left you a message, but I didn't
I heard I have it here Yes to you
They left you a message, I didn't
heard it, I'm going to listen to it here today
while you are worth it, they should not have been
find out that I have, I know how many
months without doing live shows have not happened
due to find out yet Good but
Well, but they want to mortgage you.
from what I see Because the one who has you
left to the message already has already has to
make you a payment no no and what's left
and what remains is to continue and Consuelo you
I have to introduce Pablo
Hey
Well, it's that I don't see, eh, that is, conserve has
been tanking all the gossip in
the last Javi you are missing girls in the
Corrillo yes I miss girls but it is very
strange because Sor is usually here before
that before me what do you know is rare and
Carmen is also strange, I don't know, I'll tell her.
caught having dinner I don't know what strange isn't it
strange truth, they must have found out what happened
the link in the group I don't know and before they have
confirmed the two that came Yes yes and and
the FJ that when it finished it would pass
because I was sick I don't know what's in
your live and if you come if you feel like it
It remains and if it doesn't make an aray that's it
What he said, well, let's go
We are dealing with Mira's little things
over there he is alone
solor Hello good evening sorry No puna
heart is since she became famous in
the rigan dancing with the little princess and
any of them is already on another level
another level
She Hey but what a success eh Sister or rather the
r has thrown it at us they have thrown it at us No
nothing happens That's the same blouse, I don't know
cone Hey, but I was thinking of marketing
with you alone I don't know if you'll care
because I don't know what to put in it
today's goal and I had thought about putting
that you were doing the dance again
I put the music of Comanche here
that you liked so much no and that you
you mark there a dance how you see it
we put
you are so ashamed
little the movie I don't know anymore but say to it
It's better that she is more introverted today.
Now I'm going to set the target while
Carmen greets us here, who is already
we are all men
Carmen How strange this is today not this
Why? Let's see, like this, like this, better, like this, better
How strange, son, is that I have it?
Terrible to enter, you hear me now, hey
Carmen What's up gorgeous Oy but
gorgeous bath eh but it doesn't matter if later
They are going to tell us that we have put ourselves
filters and stuff like that Javi, it doesn't matter but
How do you put a filter on a V? I want to know.
What they tell me is that I dress up more
to come here that on my channel So
Hey, but that's what he wants. That means
something Sister I don't know maybe they think I'm
in love with you, I don't know. Hey, well, almost.
All the collaborators are huge
the older ones are the younger ones who win
I loved it, eh? Hey, I don't care.
marry this cradle eh Hey what are you doing eh
You've been here for a while now, The little clearing
Until FJ comes you are the little one let's see
that they call me this afternoon from you in
a store here that tells me the
young man Well, you see, not El Salto
that I have pasted Of course Of course
Well then, let's start a little bit.
I'm going to put the objective first because Sor
I don't know if you have heard Carmen that it's going to
dance
Okay, let's dance, I don't know how to put it
I'm going to put 20 super chaty I'm going to put
much to see if people
wants it to be a success. Gossip that everything
The world commenting is Javi's mother
Dancing erre jav
Dancing says she is not the mother she looks like
let's see the
Well I hope to recover it sometime soon.
moment is by is by Twitter in
all the tweets are yes they are there Twitter
You have also uploaded it on another channel by
there you have it up eh It's uploading to me
FR hanging
and it's uploaded if it's true what he said
Carmen is uploaded on a channel
YouTube but I don't know who owns that channel
Me neither a follower who has uploaded it
but it's also on Fran's Twitter
It is also there and well I will get it back
I'm fighting to see if I can win.
that is, already during next week
I would have to know something You know that for
A certain twist I've been told that Nan then
At night I'm going to give that they haven't told me
said that I'm not going to give the abasa for the
night again pu I just don't understand
nothing no
and it's a shame damn it is the truth O
I had a lot, I had a lot of problems, eh
with the video eh because I had problems
with the Editors also that the last
day there was a bit of Chaos then there was me
would have given another order to things
I would have done things I don't know there was a
a couple of internal things that could
would have improved if they had been
Good Yes, a final review is missing. That is
don't go so short on time on the last day yes
Well, caught out of time is that in
We weren't really going That's what happens Yes
but well you know you know you know refer The
Movida The Movida Is that I would have
given I would have summarized a few of
little things I would have put another one
order also and such because he put you in
all of the three sauces as very much
beginning and then there were a lot of people
that was clear because his thing was
What I had in mind was
I mixed a little bit so that he could see that there was
a little bit of all the communities
because now all at once at the beginning is good
First comes Dallas, not that good, but
Of course, you guys go out first. Then
Iker Jiménez puts me here in
Spain is very famous but of course there was
people the gibel saying And who is that
Who is who is let's see and me but no but
let's see, so what what what what we don't
know us I understand but that
I don't know Iker Jiménez, that is, me.
super excited because Iker had me
sent the video, eh, that is, me
It's a great idea, eh. You see, I asked him for it, eh.
Well actually I wrote to Carmen
which is the one that follows me eh And on Twitter and
that and I told him look I'm doing this
we are making this video yes and me
He wrote to me, he wrote to me, he didn't take it
super good people as super willing
Yes very good very good yes I'll record it for you with
on TV or I'll record it with my cell phone, you know?
and he did it to me and he did it to me and I say
wow what what a point no then what about
Marta is that at the beginning the first
scene is Iker Marta
Albert knew he was very much from here, of course.
all followed clear everything from here that is
was more mixed was more mixed But
Well, at least I'm not getting involved anymore.
At that moment I was going to say, well, next time.
once but no no I'm not getting into that anymore
aleo is a pain in the ass leaving half a month
the channels to focus on that and
then at the end a video eh Ricky edited me
you owe the shipping costs of sending the
pepper to FJ first and only warning that
I already said it, [ __ ], he owes me everything
ran whole that I have not collected it
I don't know if people know it But they don't
I have charged for the video, I don't know if I will get it later.
They will pay it if I win the appeal but I
I think that after a strike and everything
I think that money was lost. What?
Shame, eh What a shame, eh You have to be bad, eh
And Carmen put things firmly on him, eh?
but no, he didn't pay attention to me, he didn't pay attention to me
case he didn't pay attention to him I saw him Under Wilson
the poor man with you for having done it I don't
has taken note, I understand the irony
For people who are a little short it is difficult to
catch but chic difficult been talking
with irony you know yes tremendous clown
Well, let's comment on some not the
we asked him for the pasta but he didn't give it to me
I would love to know how much money that could be.
because man eh man from his box box
has no but we could
put an stp because it is our image
also or not Clear clear to whom to
Wilson not to Ricky to Ricky
this image clear Let's see why we
take away from us that takes away from you to see
Ricky, I'm the same as you, I'm the same as you.
the riwi a kiss marilu just like him
rewine appeared to him in the content ID
I get a lot of videos of
Ricky in the content ID too because I
I have used videos of him he has
used my videos is what we do
and the thing is that I don't know, I don't know.
I give him a strike That's the difference
You understand me, but I have myself here in
On the panel I see videos of Ricky
to close his face tomorrow for doing
the joke is that that game
We can all play but what do you think?
that that I could not put myself to
throw away the clips of the people who upload
on Twitter about me Of course, but I'm not going
let's get into that nonsense, man.
going to the bun comes later eh but but now
since you have already mentioned it
The topic of strikes has come up, let's go
we're going to isolate it with this and so it's a
extract and we make it easy for Lili and
Now we are also going to comment on some
news that there is not much either
but there are those and then we get down to business
but it is that related to the topic of the
strikes that Tania has attempted now
apparently put a strike on Roberto
and I don't know if it's been now, he doesn't rest, eh?
his head does not rest, my goodness, no, it is not
that they no longer know between songs
song is dedicated to making songs and
between song and song The evil she
it doesn't stop it doesn't stop but the song thing
that or that is this Of course once a
person to do the grace do it do it
a song I think I have some
we have rationed we have laughed but
Of course this girl is not here now
making video makes songs of ías
dedicated to me but that seem
Disney songs, that is, they seem like
you know when the bad guy in the movie
Disney sings I'm going to get revenge we will fly
No
you know it's very crazy I haven't reached the
conclusion that Intelligence
artificial is the only thing that is moderately
smart that will have this nearby
girl then well then
It is already
This one has to settle for that, man.
that's it
But how but you see Norma with the con
the mess we've had with the
problems we have and what we have
That girl in her house makes a song
cona I imagine her having
conversations with ch gpt
Sorry, of course not, but the other day the
Joan Plana's jurist asked Chaj
PT and told me that I had a
crime of imprisonment for having published in
that video from the other day TT of de
account lock lock that is
I had said ch PT clar I start looking
I say damn what a revelation of Secret
I did it if the first thing there is to do
apply the penal code is that you
you have it in an illicit manner you know and it turns out
to be that they were screenshots that
They are more than food, more than published
because in the game overs the same What
It happens that in the screenshots that I put the
another day I don't know why I would take it
some Twitter or whatever and the
little padlock but the same ones are
published everywhere without a lock
you also know in the game for example of
that before the little lock was put on
Of course, of course, if the C was put as in
Well, they are very special people but it is
what I'm telling you is a song of ia
Grandpa lied again
I bring your pill, is it going to come out or
sea ​​and it is a song by Tania for
I reaffirm that Ricky has given us the
strike but grandpa says what years
How old is he?
Tania, your age is more or less, no, it won't be.
talking about the husband who is the oldest
How old no no no it is
talking It's not that
They call him grandpa peroo Well but
Of course the kids are joking, yeah yeah yeah
she already salseria I don't know is more than
[Music]
Gentlemen, but since you are talking about a
Ricky edit song that is salsa Ah
so that they understand it there. Oh, of course.
Of course, yes, yes, yes. Of course, she does too.
She will be a grandmother for those of the
youthfulness also falls within
Grandma, well, we are already mine
Grandmothers Then free grandma maybe
no but grandmothers yes I suppose not for the
people who have no idea what they are dealing with
I'm going to talk about this topic of songs
put some Hey and the one with the cucumber that one
what did the cucumber do? Oh no no
because I don't know if I could make it with cucumber
enjoy Oh I didn't see this one, come on
yes yes yes yes yes yes yes I'm going to come back I'm going to
put a little bit so that other people
No, but this question is about me.
You know who goes like a bacha tilla no
It was a bachata or what but I don't know and to me
He left me, we have not guessed.
Who was that, I don't even want to know.
I want to know Look at this era when
the whole husband thing and all that stuff came out
That's the song that O sea
Imagine a topic like that of the husband and
and that this aunt comes out Look, I'm going to
put a little bit for the people who don't
knows and does not follow it, let it be done
an idea eh Why does it say keep paying
This is worth it
money I do the song Ah no use the
That one is free, no man, yes. Ah
understood understood keep paying I say
as
They are here to do
but it's like like a
movie of all things
things we have learned are because
They have come out because of fights between them
They Of course, of course, they tell each other later
when they argue they throw everything at each other
the face and they count
Of course Pastrana says that you are one or
Two leave you free but then there is
that pay able to be paying for
do the
songs are entertaining
I see her girl, I see her capable
the
true p p
a song was a song and it has
position or the star player in its absence
or the jurist is true but not in
They really give a lot of trouble but they don't
They are wonderful. I mean, to me, really.
These people bother me
piss of others put the
audios I'm going to say goodbye to this thing with
this with with with this phrase of her own
Tania I don't think anyone, anyone of the
YouTubers are no one to say
who has to leave the networks and who
It's not worth it, I think what you say is very ugly.
I just saw very ugly, that is, they throw extra
She and the plane to whom it pleases is worth it
trying to close channels but I don't know what
a What was I saying there in that
At this moment I really don't understand. Well, but it has
said the youtubers she might not
is considered
not a youtuber but that's someone Ah
but I don't know who it is, really.
That's someone but I can't remember who.
I don't, no, no, I don't have any idea, don't you?
Carmen agreed.
known someone who had another
He has said so much nonsense in all this
time uncle something of Loli can be to Loli
something not like it was not something from Loli A lo
better of these times to see maybe that
yes, it may be that some were
saying that Loli had to be kicked out of
networks comment or what about because
she there from her environment I think she can
be for Loli
if he is defending that you should not throw
a channel is because the channel has pulled
from them you know, that is, if F but if it is
which also reacts a lot
other people's content puts your videos
It says that we are
to has
since you have become envious not when
You have seen me surrounded by damsels no
envious position Yes yes Good Happy New Year
because it is the first program first
Huddle what do we do here after
of those we have done in 2024 no
we can leave another two months two months
not one one and a bit
not long enough already that we go
Respecting the day is a little more than that.
It's already a little more flexible
no because in the end as it emerges and
then each one in the end has their things
Here the only one that is available is
She's retired, I'm the one who's so cool
bombing and engulfment of
third if I'm not mistaken it was with the thing about
wild cucumber and this that he had taught
that we put of cucumber
we saw, do I think I put it or not?
had a laugh for a while Yes yes they are
so many things that I'm keeping
so crazy that many but this happens to me
like two or three times a week eh
that I mentioned something and I say this
I have seen this, I have spoken about it but
That happens, we haven't seen this, Javi, that
yes we have seen it no no no
No
Wow, it's good that in the end you react to
so many things live at the end of the day
Uncle, of course, well, I think it is.
Here the FJ we are going to go directly
to the bun and then we'll see if
commented is that you will see eh No there is no
much to comment or whatever it is
that we were going to comment eh It's 12 miles
only that tomorrow I will comment on it and that's it
It's okay but we have here
accumulated is that you spend two days without
react to these people and you accumulate a
little As not like all the fuss Well
Imagine a month that
We have been clear for a month now No
man I was watching I was watching
things are worth it but well mainly but
but I mean all together. That's true.
All together we do have a bomb in the
porrillo for when is the bomb for
when the bomb is on
dancing the bomb is that FJ that I have
set a goal that if
we reached the goal we put this to this
seems
seem to you
little no it doesn't seem like much to me
It seems like a bombshell, but for now I don't know.
I'm going to give Bombas, that is, a little dance
like in the rigu a little dance to Anne you
I see it with Sister Cotilla too, eh?
Of course those of you who are on that side
you should
I'm going to dance, but above all with
Hey but he's wearing the plush pajamas
little princess
little princess is coming eh it's true Now
I was seeing that you were looking for him
suitor or something
No, I'm not going to mess with her because
because it has to be uploaded to the Canal and
look for a suitor but you are me
comparing with little princess seriously Hey
Well, they are two different people, let's see.
no no no that I mean I don't say it even for good
even if you don't compare me with bad, I'm good.
But yes, she is looking for a suitor.
which by the way remind you that I have
created the page in
Facebook telesalseo is worth it if you use it
Facebook would be important and would be
It's interesting that you all got into it, you're looking for it.
telesalseo you continue watching it here at
YouTube but in reality on Facebook neither
monetize or anything but I have it there like
as a backup in case they sneak in a strike just in case
we spend a season without channels or
Whatever may happen there is
that you know you have your back covered like this
that I have created the page there so that you can
go so that you can give it to him
continue and all that stuff just in case
I have to communicate with you. Okay,
main tell me King I wasn't going to tell you that
be today then you have a
strike not because of Ricky, which is what
You were commenting a little bit on
principle that what I was listening to
I haven't been able to hear everything a little bit.
but well, I've already seen a little bit today
I have a strike today and a guy
trying by all means to put myself
another one the other day wrote that he was
model and photographer and that the photos
were not owned No, it does not say so
because they sent me that email. Look for
Lili put the Facebook link there.
I'm going to pin it to the chat and Oh one thing
It would be important to be curious if all the
that you use Facebook every time you see a
video a live whatever you give it to
share button because
So Facebook has something that it doesn't have
YouTube which is like a
retweet no and so we did the begging thing
Carrasco in its day and we brought the people
From Facebook onwards, that's how it was.
that would be interesting that it doesn't cost anything
Pam hasn't entered since then. But there are
people on Facebook eh There are people on
Facebook Well, I've left it.
I have because I have Facebook but I don't do
nothing I almost never go we have
open send some message is is of
support is worth whatever may happen. So
Since it doesn't cost anything, it's free.
Get in there, look for gossip and we'll see.
Well, you who have been up to date
Day with the geeks. Well, I think that
In truth, everyone except the one who has been the most
day eh I don't know if yes but the main thing
The main thing is that I caught Loli the other day.
You to Loli Yes but what
react to a live stream of her and more Loli
We have Loli, we have, I don't know if they are going to go to us
kick Facebook out on the first day but
Loli
we have the move is that the important thing or
be the important thing in this medium that of
is criminally reported
No
s and the Odyssey the seal and all this of me
They have said that it is false that it could be a
assembly that everything is ready good
That's what's putting me a little bit
to the day that I have been a few days a little
I have been a few days without being able to do
direct and now I'm joining in
again and then let's see I've been
watching something quite funny today
It's true that I just came back from doing it.
I don't know if you want to comment on it or see it.
after because maybe the thing about ard of
Troy a little more primordial and more
important but it's Peppa's thing that has
state
wonderfully has done as a
kind of project in which I was
funded by the people to go to
buy at
flea market And then he took a bag
has said everything that you give me here or so
to do a bit of performance on the
a little bit of the show, whatever you throw at me
So here with this we go to the market and
clear and then let me see the
Hey's audience depends on you
if I go to the market to make a fool of myself
to buy with 5 euros whatever you give me or
I'm going all out and of course it was
gone with 40 and has done and done
quite ugly to people after going to
to buy at the market to see if it is
I could dress with that money from above
down and it has become quite ugly
like 40 no, that he already needs more
flux plus FL
[Music]
How it has been very good eh it has been very
Well, you have it there, you can put it
the clips I'm having right now
a moment of the live look wait you
I'm looking for it quickly because I actually have it
been commenting now and to the people who
who has been watching a little with me
but the rest probably won't have it
I've seen you from now on because Claro is already
First of all, I'll get it, it takes a while
little bit If you want to comment on anything else
little thing that doesn't call my attention
attention is the bucha thing not because
Of course she sends her a hard time about it, or I know that
I heard someone say
time it transforms clear it transforms into
superchat members and all that can do
a kind of recount and it will say Well
Well, that's the cluster I imagine.
who will not even have known that
the box that said it was making a
box she is also that I have told her
more than once Javi was there
always receiving one and another and another and
she who was there passing by
and nothing to be
peeking out
traditional labor is traditional but enad with
people were hallucinating, I mean, wow, but
What is salty is that I don't get it
I can't believe I didn't find out
that's ugly but that's what it has been
today or has been No longer worn
brewing of course has been a couple of days
a couple of weeks and the thing about
flea market now recently I don't know if
has been this week
That Carmen, I saw something on Twitter, of course.
I don't see it now, I saw something on Twitter about it
I don't know what about the market but I haven't
seen the video I have not seen it when it has
gone to the market I don't know but oh well
she thinks she's trying to make something
anything other than talking about it
is trying to prove things I guess
Let's see if I understand. Let's see if I understand.
that is a little joke that is a little joke to
What Javi has done I imagine they are going
there are shots that inside that no
want to be talking about these issues
Well, she has to leave. Well, that's it.
pullita or the box that I saw her take out
like a safe, that's what it is
I heard the other day about the box, yes,
She took out a box and I don't know what But
I guess he's like he doesn't want to
Of course, as everyone always tells him
who doesn't stop talking about you how are you?
I imagine that since I'm doing another kind
of content but well its little things are
inevitable I imagine yes but let's see but
that this is not new, that it is not even the
first nor the last that
No, I don't want to know anything about this, I don't.
I talk about this but damn the spikes fly
as if they were knives Yes because
That's what Loli said that she wasn't going to talk anymore.
from Javi to see if it is
truth is that it doesn't reach me, it doesn't reach me
nothing more of then will not speak more of
Javi the
Loli Loli Loli said that
Let's see if it's true because if not
He talks about Javi, he doesn't talk about me. Yes, man. Yes.
Of course Consuelo, don't dream either.
Consuelo Che Che that only takes me out
because Javi reacts and sees me in
clear screen and on the way and on the way
you catch no O
sea
Cam Okay, head and knee, let's go.
all of the Corrillo direct to
police station yes yes but we are going to keep it
without anyone
Come on, I'm looking at what the hell I have left.
better horizontal worried the truth
okay, I have it, I have it here, okay
let's see
second
window to me what I heard from him I don't know
If it was FJ the other day, it was like Peppa
It says a lot that "I don't even see anymore, I don't know"
I don't know how much but it's going to be released
spikes that mean they are watching us
All the time you know yes And also good And
If it's not with us, know a little about it.
Twitter gossip and the people of the
Maria blue because in the market car
that is, going from the road to the market
I told I don't know what about the
blue she is wearing what happens is that
Of course, he will miss some comment
little thing But well let's go to the l let's go to the
project she in her own way is not a
Rewind is not such a thing, it's an adventure.
new for Peppa is a new idea and
Let's see how the presents it
Pilu is laughing alone who knows what
will have said the
Pilu so she laughs alone
It's coming, he says, I'll go to the checkout later.
I have above
cardboard eh I see a box
wait for you a moment a moment to
see the suspense to see what it brings to see what
brings to see the
box each one with the nonsense opens
a box Javi sa Open a box ard Troy
eh Now Peppa with her box let's see
his
box let's see It really fits
The guitar is made of cardboard, they say.
The guitar is made of cardboard, yes.
aliexpress aliexpress Yes yes it is cardboard
that I have brought the
box Yes because here to see everyone
everyone gets fed up with doing challenges
with mud everyone with
There is a box for a few, I don't even have one
bar the bar the only one I have is the
that are here the challenges that I make
I say look, I just realized
now from the c This is more quite te
you have already taken it for the jeido aunt or so
if it counts everything that has been taken
[ __ ] I understand look at his box this is his
box then let's see
then the box
strong here if everyone has cash
and important communication things
This box urgently needs to be filled. Ah
because I have to go to the market
next Tuesday live with you
I'm going to Mercadona tomorrow to buy clothes.
I can open one
box to
cillo she is or is this is she from
joking I mean he hasn't gone to the market
This has become a reality, yes, yes, Javi is
a fantasy eh is But there is an irl of
potato at the market yes yes yes yes yes And
so much and it goes around a lot to
buy your good ones some handkerchiefs some
boots here and there and complains Well
Well, at the market with 40 and you become
an F yes Well then she now Good
I'll take your time later because in fact
I was reacting to it today and there are a couple
of moments that one complains clearly
Now let's see the box first
See how he presents it and it's of no use to me.
so yes because it is very thin on me and
I have no use for anything so this box is there
that fill it already That is the
challenge I can assure you that right now
Naina is
This is not money, not if we believe it to be so.
that is, don't be scared
blonde there is to be
fill nothing gap
nothing is there to do
fill it because I have to go to the market
that I go with you that I am going to do a
directly at the market and I need
minimum minimum m minimum not what
I need an expert opinion
here to
Tuesday no yes to to
Monday you have to fill it Maria 67 of course I
I think I said this on a Friday and
Now the other part that is a bit like
makes the people of Oye guilty, let's say.
If we don't have it, it's your problem.
your fault eh Ah yes
And the challenge is that on Tuesday at
Tomorrow they put Air in the market
I'm going and we're going to buy from the sales.
from the sale of sale to see if I am
able to dress myself completely with the con
the
r Come on come on come on So I
also
ghost no but in the end what
I see that it continues as with him
mockery towards me no
eh Look for the excuse to warm up the
people to donate to him as if to say
we're going to do more than the gindi you know
Let's do it, you know, it's kind of funny. But
It's serious but it's not supposed to work
much eh She doesn't but she is
half joking but it's serious
Since this one makes money, let's give it to him.
We have a bag that is made. Hopefully
I really hope I have to give myself a point
in the mouth and this continues
but this lady likes it so much
It seems to me that the money is not going to
last too long he doesn't talk about you
because you will see that income will go down
It is plummeting with 100 spectators
another day eh but if they are no longer the
viewers is what those people give you
at the moment when he doesn't talk about you
the moment when it is not clear in the
moment in which there is no provocation
Let's donate myself to screw the other one
because it is the provocation that I carry
using almost two years that is this is
this is this
same of course what happens is that as not
has directly named you as not
It is working if people want it
the more his people love him more
aggressive yes and you see that when it is not
There is no hot topic with you or anyone else
person maybe But mainly
With you, then the objective is already there or there is no more
So much movement and of course what does it do?
let's do something else
eh I don't know how else to raise awareness
People, let's not do this, let's go to
flea market let's see if I can get it
Why do others make money? Why do others make money?
objective others do other things and I don't
I do nothing and it really does ask for what
It happens that it no longer reaches what it used to reach.
before of course but hey he didn't give it air in
the lion a bonus because he goes with
the Christmas bonus to the market is included in the
flea market that is not true, it is true that
another aginaldo How strange to go to León
eh How I would love to know all the
good story of what there is with that
person So where does what come from?
what it is And why you know what that thing is
Uncle recently gave it to him. Well now.
after a week or so
month but he decided to report a video
Mine for putting in the title eh Irene León
Lizana is the name that is placed on
user Yes yes and now recently
Again first time is not the first time that
He does it, and then he went to the Channel.
from the pppa and told him he was a person eh
I think I know who it is if it works.
report that, send it to him, appeal it to YouTube
and you, well, it wasn't Loli herself who went to the
that he threw a video that's why he did it
also s No yes but it happens that that Yes
strain it then peel it and it's as I see it
have done to me all this time but
seo because they named her in the chat or
something like that or Loli named her but but but
What's the point of you reporting a
video because you are named for it
profile name that you have set
by the Nick you have put it is clear
that no it doesn't make any sense because you
you are or whether your surname is beloved
the sites are noticeable that he likes because
If not, I could give this on Bizu and not even know.
I would talk about her, of course, of course
but no and that's what they told me the most
Who it is, I don't know if it will be true because it is
that one they told me Who is it then
is on the flight with his real name
So I don't know that anymore, I don't think so.
someone who is in the
flight already but it is that I was also going to
also went
a to this other one What is the name of a gossip?
to Ana cotillas that it makes no sense
the veil is the same as the role of the
Ana's is not the same, it is not the same, go on but
thinking about what I had when I had
that being with a joke there in
the support offices or when
These people receive all the reports.
From the plan to the Tania is the air in the
lion is
to laugh that they command is not what it says
My name in the title is not who I am
photographer and model is not that 2 minutes
No and Lu history before then it
They will comment among colleagues of course.
They will comment among colleagues about my work.
There is the fool on duty as when
a customer enters anywhere
A customer comes in with something stupid.
among colleagues the same is said
listen to me damn remember
FJ when I
They gave me the other one last month for
report me the video with that report
of defamation that is the idea of ​​the one who
we said you know taught him how to do the
that nonsense and now they took it and left
Tania the flat one we said
making videos not first steps of
YouTube and it's like but if at the moment
in which I go to the YouTube chat that already
It's that he knows me, that is, I no longer know him.
I don't enter either support or chat
I'm sending a Twitter DM to @team
YouTube and I say, man, these people are back again.
Take this away from me and they'll take it away from me, you know what?
The worst thing is that they believe that YouTube
agrees and they are for the first H
until they take it away from you Oh it is
that they agree with me is that, look,
eh and it says for defamation it's like
exactly exactly then of course
Javi defames and then takes it away from you And
then he shuts up and after that no
They delete the video because there they have the
Claro video and they all come out eh the
laughing cat account which is one of
They don't know which one came out flat
Tania Mira came out report by
defamation says it YouTube eh It already says it
YouTube and it's like they've put a
report there more fraudulent than the m and
the moment I gave it to him Look what I
I take it away from you, that is, what it doesn't take away from you
The only thing YouTube can't take away from you
It's about copyright because that's a must
The system is 10 days so it takes 10
days whether it's you or auron Play come on you know
but these filthy reports that
they put to take out during what you say
during pass be a couple of hours
celebrating it Yes yes yes but what a story it is
what the [ __ ] they cut off the whole roll
They had already become excited and thought that
They had found the perfect key to
throw you Yes yes of course because They have always
given the other The one who had the idea that one
has done it to other people who have not
known how to defend or who have no contact
or that has fewer followers or what
and has taken advantage of censorship
In that sense, of course, they were there.
As it is, we talk about what
it comes out of our balls But you every
time you mention something that I don't
like report for defamation and poster
and it's like No man no Forgive forgive
that you have been talking about the
my civil sentence for insulting a
Turkey in 2019 now it's my turn to tell it
of your husband and so much but This technique
They also tried to use it in their
moment the little group of absolutely nothing
obsessed eh Because my first
The group took my Twitter account away from me
of flat
reporting me Yes yes for me What's going on
that I got it back from him, he tried to get me
throw the Twitter on the Twitter one day no
I know if you
you will remember but that was around there
time one day I woke up that I had
the guy threw at least 10 or eight or
nine videos a lot of videos no no
keep going, keep going, ugly, you know. No, yes.
develop the topic and now continue
with the Peppa thing that the guy threw at me
Twitter account tried to take it down
that I then fought and got it back all
the videos that he threw at me that are like
Look at Anne, for example, who is miad
Win michu And those people have never been
how good Win michu was when he was obsessed
with a video there have been two or three times
well put debf but then H Why
because it is clear how these people put it
demands and they go for the legal thing because I
I imagine the lawyer will tell you, It's not that
You can't do this because you can't do it
pick up a person who is working
if he does something that is condemnable not a
insult, defamation or whatever.
You make the corresponding claim but
a report by
copyright the report itself is called
report for copyright do not report because
I'm actually burning, eh. It's my account.
from Twitter that is the first one now
I have it as empty so I have to say it
account is still active today was
closed for a long time but due to my stubbornness
not for anything else
Hey, the lawyer wanted to screw me.
because she did several live shows with
flat and I put clips of those live shows
and that I couldn't put those clips
because she was an anonymous person
Well, aunt, you're pulling my leg.
That girl has tremendous logic.
Trend to the public is no longer anonymous
tremendous you are uploading to a channel
You are uploading to a YouTube channel in
a good public live Lu went up to
several but I uploaded clips of one
live that he did with him
to was saying that they put her there
miniature to use for punishment as
indeed And they put it in the
miniature Dale because I didn't put flat ones on it
with the same photo in the thumbnail as already
has the photo of
profile let's ask ourselves about let's ask ourselves
because it is true it is true because it came out
Well I am
telling me no that I'm being B irl of
she at the market or so I am
unbeliever is the last part I wanted
teach from the moment in which it is done
visible or makes known this
project Put a
a little bit to see if I'm able to dress myself
whole with the with the but come on, I'm that
They are true things so me too
I have that are things
that laughs at me because I don't even have enough
buy me a 5 Look Dana Just finished
start filling the box with five
Memberships to the Beltrán Channel
Thank you very much darling and this is the ce that
you will see it depends on whether I do the
ridiculous or not clear because I don't have to
buy It has just started to fill the
box with 5 Look, I have a box that
I use a trash can if we can get one
fill it out tomorrow I'll tell you how
We go to Mercadona together, that's what I think.
that if people have not called you,
Attention to the people, Sister Cotilla
Dancing but if not LL no sorco tilla is
come with me to the market to dance Hey and
and we put a pineapple in it
car but let's see you can ask for it
that what you see fit is not
Yeah
You all the youtubers I have said it
a thousand ver is that all the youtubers
I think that most of the money that
we have to criticize you so that they go
then behind like lambs That's right
exactly what you criticize And how about
That is exactly where the hypocrisy lies.
They are criticizing you and then they
They spend the whole [ __ ] day asking for it, it's not
for this is for the other all the D but
for a flea market at Anne's
That's what you have to ask for, well no no no me
make people talk about what it is for
people asking because I get angry
everyone has their own needs
some things that are a priority, others
that is not so much the question And as it says
She that clear as she has been left
girl clothes because she wants to buy them
clothes of course no no the girl's clothes no the
big clothes because he has lost a lot of weight
Sorry exactly. Well, what do you eat?
ask for food that eats loyal to the sun
that he eats and gets fat and does it again
fill in not the one that is too big for you
I don't know what I'm doing as I ask for
asking is like I don't see you know that's what
What am I telling you, we are all in the right
of power to ask as if you want
ask for a car, you understand me, okay?
No, he's already asking for a car.
Come on, yes, well the ardo already has its
box that is for a complaint that
It hasn't arrived yet, you don't know if
It will reach you but if
for a Mercedes eh Not everyone wants
a Mercedes but the car thing is the thing about the
I loved the car, either because
this even in the description of the G fring
It says it's for a complaint, I don't have it
money to defend myself but if I don't
a arrives
car that is an ally because before not
I had it on if I remember correctly. That
I don't
put no no no no he added it later
because because of course obviously people
It's probably a bit of a scam that you're here.
asking for one thing and then with everything
your nose say you're going to spend it on
another one is worth it
that's why it has to change again
because now it is no longer for painting now
It's already for a car now tiora is for
buy the car directly, let's see
I want to think seriously First it was for
now said that it turns out better
buy it but the accountant hasn't
restarted not because of that in a
At first I sold at first I sold
the need to defend oneself legally and
now after having collected
Money that's one thing he was doing.
saying that it was false that it was a
false accusation that I don't know what but it is that
It doesn't make sense. Then what are you for?
asking If you say it's false of course
And with those Carmen, if you do a Go fund
I have a crowdfunding to defend you
legally and you think and imply
to the people that this is a lie this is
a whole setup this I don't know what makes it
awareness to defend yourself not later
In your live broadcast you say that it is a lie and that
you don't believe it And when the man
So what do you think about being
lie and does the crowdfunding that that
money then what is it for if you have it
You already make it clear that that is a lie
We are clear, yes, we are clear that it is a
Jetta who doesn't want to hit the ground running
water and wants to live off the money that
people are given the courage to be cheeky
Life We all have this clear, no
yes yes snout snout to life not for
to bring evil into life yes no but
apart from that, the guy is bad
but he doesn't want the girl
work if he says he put put the
another is lazy and doesn't want to hit a stick
to the water it has become very clear to me
a long time ago
but I think that this move
two with the box
now it is
who have seen how mine has gone and have
said how I manage what I want
money [ __ ] that I Din to involve the
people
money the next day he had his box
and that and that within within its minimum or
minimal influence has not gone to him nor
so bad and the turkey the other day was half
ironically because I want to think that
There was also a bit of irony but
half ironically half has not been
made the ass the milkmaid well of course
because if this support is maintained in the
time and I don't know what, I mean let's leave the O
Are you going to leave the box there indefinitely?
for a
fixed He's never going to do it no
let's go to the end crowdfunding is going to
turn the Claro car into a bar
because he sees that the ladies have
reacted like Oh, you're not going to be
Don't worry, we're going to you.
to support also as you have seen that
How long it takes, I don't know how long it will take.
The last time I looked it was a hundred and
something 200 I think I had 280 and something s
but apparently there has also been support
For subscribers, well, there has been quite good
It has also had support from Bizum
with
Ah yes, he is not stupid.
no and there are people who participate but it is
who says that everything comes to him in full, right?
He realizes that the person who enters it is
who pays the percentage for entering it
But if the lady is telling her how
that you ask and you are rich and he is poor
what more reason to ask because he is
poor there is always a clear they are
saying that of course if you want rich you
you go on vacation and one and the other goes to
ask for family sentimental means
because they always use this as a
relative of such Well of course if the
car is to take I don't know who to
hospital that yes, well, the usual.
We know it is but look at you that the
difference from my box because I Hi
service in the main channel another day
so that people could see this well
second demand this demand that I
I opened the box now with this because
This is already a lawsuit for annoying
a lawsuit to make you earn money and to
What if it was already solved?
The first instance is valid but it is a
demand so I'm going to screw you up all the time
life and so I will chase you all the
life and then for me to put okay but it
They compare it to Quear of Troy, which is why
I wanted the clips of, so, this girl is there
that hit him that bleeds or whatever
They compare it with that, that is, and they are giving it to you
money so he can defend himself from
that's how very different things are
things that are really tacky, that is to say, it is
a very shabby community that you are
giving money to a guy who is doing
what you are doing on that channel that is
defend that, that is, no, but what
I would think that he called her a [ __ ] to tell her
What happens is that there is a little bit
What how what would they think because he went to
little rascal to whom he told the host
until bleeding No smurf smurf ap smurf
What could Smurf say to her?
He said that he was joking about the thing about the
cameras
refrigerators of course the nonsense of
Halloween that I made the joke And
Smurfette put something in x and from there
come on, I wish death to myself too
I wish you the
death but he doesn't need anything either
for him to jump that he doesn't need
no argument to say all that
is saying
eh first of all because he is a bad person and
I said it a long time ago and the second thing
because as he wants what he wants, he gets involved
in all the gardens whether you are invited or not
invite him, he gets in alone, he gets in everything and
on top and on top, that is, he gets into everything
of defender of lost causes When
Nobody has said anything to him many times
of the times Well then nothing Then if you
tamp and tamp can be on a controller as in
another no no I'm just telling you that he's nice
I'm just telling you that Nuria's isn't going to be
the only one but listen to me No it is not the only one
unique but listen to me let's see is that
He is staying with people because
Look, it's very different, very, very, very
different from what I have explained no Hey
This is a gentleman who has
has become hooked on me for a while now
trial and now he is suing me
The one who asks for 80,000 and I explain this is
A lawsuit is not a complaint, it is a
civil you have to pay the costs
to the lawyer and the costs to the court in
function to what this guy asks for what
is doing is making me throw away money
making me throw money away and explaining it very well
Well, what they have put on him is a
complaint for threat he can go to
court without a lawyer or with a lawyer's office
defend himself, he is what he is not, he is not what he is not
a demand for what they have put on you or that is
It is not a lawsuit if it were a lawsuit
you have to go with a lawyer who also
You can go ex officio with a claim if
is in a situation like that but oh well and
in fact it's actually going to go a lot further
faster than ours eh Because by the O
whether it is for criminal reasons, it usually goes quite a bit
faster than yes like the one I put on it
to Jo Juan's friend that I did put it there
Yes, I put her with a lawyer, but because I can
but I could have gone to the police station and
having told him Look what's happening to me
saying this guy wants to break my
head that kicks me that kills me you know and
and it was at four months, at three or four
months sentenced then appealed and
three or four months again sentenced but
that what this guy has put on him is
criminal complaint of this threats
insults So this can this this
can go with one hand behind and another
forward to the court, what is going on?
to argue about that no no before
That video can't argue anything.
has nothing to argue that is going to happen to us
sue us but what are you going to do?
sue you if you told me
the atrocities that you are going to demand that I
I told you I'm in charge if you told me
daughter of the great I don't know what that [ __ ]
that I don't even deserve life no no I don't
I say sue me, I say sue me
sue 10 or 12 I say but oh well but
You have consolation, let's see, I don't know
I would have to see everything, everything, everything, I am not
lawyer and maybe not no but I have
I've seen things there many times from you.
boss what I say this is that if you put it
a lawsuit from Consuelo Nias and the boss
that they are going to go forward what happens
It's just that I'm not saying all day long
I'm going to do this, I already announced it.
I would put eh eh No it is not going to be put
This is not going to stay like this, what is happening
that I'm not saying it all day long
what am I going to do or who am I with
talking or anything because I don't do it
when things arrive, they will have arrived
I have that very clear eh I'm not going to
to remain still in front of that is that there are things
that
I rang Cos It's more if he wants to report me he is
to me for some things that may have happened
say the boss on the channel that I
complaint that I will be able to prove
reason why those things were said
because I can prove it and
how they have manipulated everything but ways
the one I'm going to get ahead of myself is me
because I am going to do it
to do the problem is that this is the
The problem is that this one is not going to pay a
little milk I don't want money Javi is
that I don't want money, I simply
I want that I don't either
not from me on your channels So no
can talk about me on their channels if
They have their channels that do what they want
They want to, but they should stop talking about me.
that they completely ignore me and that they
fall on the sentence that they have to con
Now we continue with that FJ
Yes, they will be able to talk about you because they don't know
can prohibit a person from speaking about
another but what needs to be done are the ones
but not in the terms that are
Speaking clearly clearly Listen This is worth it
because of course I was going to tell you well it is
that this guy like how he pays you If this
Uncle, then no, I don't want money, you know.
but of course and then thinking not about what
I'm getting a bit of a head about the
self-employed and all these things that we have
been discussing these days and look what
who has gone today to see how it
eh ex-partner and things like that Look out for both of you
sites you might find
information if I don't know what for
ask for a car for no no that who would
You have to look at the Treasury But
which Treasury Treasury is the one that has
to take this clip and make a
investigation
Treasury but that has companies
this having man
cockroaches that's why seeing cockroaches by
that lives in a small room
of course worked in a stone quarry and that
The car is waiting to be painted.
given that I live next to
Portugal, I know why you have given up
He doesn't even know why he is doing it in Portugal.
He even thought that I live in
Portugal I'm in love and I'm every two
For three in Portugal I have a lot of people
from Portugal Because they live here that the
Portuguese are coming to Spain to
live because in Portugal the situation is
unsustainable that they are coming to the
mercad n damonte to live because the
The situation in Portugal is unsustainable.
taxes can buy homes
What's up? They are incredible and I know the situation.
real that there is in Portugal because I have
Here to my neighbors [ __ ] Well I always
Oh, I've always heard that in Portugal
that in Portugal they were paid less
taxes that are paid here on the 24th
VAT on 24 VAT and then on housing
you flip out Hey yes, I was in the llet
This sport is available at the outlet that
There are some here in Portugal and they came out to me
for example, some brand name sneakers at half price
in price in Barcelona than what there is
Here in Portugal, eh, and they were on sale
Let's go as I'm telling you literally
and of course I say but what is this guy talking about?
I'm crazy about Portugal like I am, I talk a lot
from Portugal and apart from that I have many
followers of Portugal on the channel that
is that we
they say
then Portugal Ireland What else
strange Ireland because I don't even have Ireland
idea but I can tell you about Portugal
say a couple who may have
had of Ireland is a thing of his what
is going to have and I like Ireland a lot
If you have to send someone to
Can you send me to investigate? I don't
I have no problem but I think that
Of course, the only thing that Ireland has is
company in Portugal as he says one
company the only relationship that I have
I had with Ireland is the Dallas
who lived there for a while and
that we wake up at 4 in the morning
to stop and look at the
do but if to have a company in
Portugal and quote in Portugal has to
be there a minimum number of days a year
living in Portugal and this man does not
It comes out in Portugal but why is it happening to me?
counting no but it's that they don't go for me
I think it's some kind of smoke from the
of this group of his stories that are
tell and your moving rolls of the para
tangle to tangle and then it will be
laughing and look at them there giving it to him
back that are rolls of the to tangle
He also said that he had gone like you
You said about the self-employed who had
I looked at some list and I have that.
It was illegal, I have it. Ah, because I
They said because I went to my advisor
what advisor that is not illegal that we are
all the self-employed are there. Of course
neither self-employed nor advisor nor I don't know it
believe Neither he has it but But what is it Ha
I have not named the results.
that goes to court to file a complaint
from this and that is, the police goes all and
winks at the Civil Guard
some ladies who tell him that a
this delirium is from another delusion I think
This is what I think is what it is and
apart from Tania in the chat saying no
They know the crimes they are committing
I don't know this, I commented the other day
that made me end of the year showed that I don't
I knew a lot about how the self-employed worked.
searched Ah look, I don't know how they work
the self-employed
No, nor the company either.
No no, I don't know how it works either.
one thing nor the other, let's see what he says
Come on, here's what his name says: "Good"
This man does not appear to be self-employed.
as a freelancer and the other day I looked for your
the name of self-employed as I did not know
If that was possible, as I have commented
At the beginning of the live I left
gone to Apart and took advantage of it so that I
put the digital certificate in the pen
because they have it in the consultancy
so I don't have to be signing and
doing
I don't say anything to him. Hey, what did this guy say?
youtuber who has searched my name in the
list of self-employed I mean a list of
autonomous accessible to
public tells me no says let's go to
autonomous listing but no access
anyone to see that autonomous listing
I say pu tells me to look for the list
that I don't appear and that he has looked for your paper
Well, I suppose they also investigate.
That's it, but that's private, no, Yolly.
Panda no because the list is public I
Before the doubt I went to my Manager and he
I asked God and he said to look for me
list of Autonomous that I do not appear among
this is the C
you put it or it is being put
inventing or has someone who has
access to private lists of
autonomous private well This is Tania Ay
Sorry for the echo, Tania in the chat.
telling her why Tania that she
He's always on the same page with him
same story
his month and not returned
I'm not hiding anymore
I say it no no What's up and I shut up eh and
I repeat that I am not hiding at the moment
No, and Loli, trust you with what she has in her
chat this form don't forget that the
Loli la Loli don't forget that I'm going to the
trial with him and his little pack, if it's true
Loli
LoL Loli we settle for not knowing
I forgot you, okay, of course, 2025 is going to be
Well, these are some nonsense, let's see.
That thing about the self-employed appears, I think.
which is called ecommerce or something like that, the web
It's that in fact my address was leaked
that address the first time it was
leaked was because when I became self-employed
They put you there that now the other one too
day
They were talking about other YouTubers
It is not clear that we appear there either.
There, or rather, the boss appears, everyone appears.
you know the name and surname
you put it in and it appears, it appears, I think it is
e-commerce or e-information or something like that is called
the website that I told you about, Hey, son of a [ __ ], take it off me
from there and changed the
direction what you say are bluffs that
throw things like for lantern as for
scary as if made up what the hell is going to happen
go to your advisor the next day
is that you Imagine the creature Carmen
going to the going to the civil guard to
tell him Hey, it's that they have published a
youtuber an audio of mine that I published
first and they are seeing it again going
to the police to say, Hey, I have three here or
Four complaints from a Twitter user and Ah
going to report threatening that he will
hit and then he says no but it's that
Me on Twitter says Well that's it
serious what they are telling you in
Twitter that's serious, not what you say.
You said Nuri Cris man where I go
to stop one thing with the other but it is that
It's really true that he is an idiot in
Come on, I don't know if you think that
you are dealing with young children with
good people good community that
There is no more to it there either.
I know but you have to start saying that you have
This is what you went to tell him. Hey, there's a
youtuber or the policeman has not been
I was amazed by his threats
He has not been amazed by what he
have told of Twitter and the
channels eh the policeman has stayed
yours will not have made it super clear
really freaked out that's all one
I've been trolled since he hid
And he made all these videos private.
or direct where it was completely gone
the mouth eh me for me especially him eh
As if they had done a mental reset and
They think they are the victims who
They are the ones who know how to maintain the
composure and are those who do not put the
publicly yes especially the
composure there is nothing but
listen to them and they are in that air
that they are the bad guys Javier is the
that always has people infiltrated that
reveals private data has everything there
They play with these insinuations and
They are also the ones who are good. They are the ones who are
They take it upon themselves to say, look what
They have asked me on FJ networks, what does it matter that
put them now in private if you broadcast it
If it was broadcast in public, no, nothing happens.
now but that is what it serves for
change the story for the people who see him
because when it goes to one channel it goes to another and
plus a couple of new people who
know then you have one
different perception of him because he
thinks he was nobody and got into
the embers and went to defend Loli
and all these people so that she can
that he would become the center of
of these people and when it was
was also spoken
Loli began to defend her so that
the other opened the
portfolio but also to create it
content is because it is not the same
comment on other people's gossip No
has the same impact on people as
be inside the
gossip being the protagonist of gossip is not
the same
you have to see the whole live show to
give context for others not for me
can take the clip for you for the other
Yes, but for him he always says the same thing.
That's not worth it for him to tell me.
direct whole you have to see clearly No
you screw yourself you have to watch the live
whole For you, of course, of course, well, well, that
He applied it to himself because as far as I know in
In recent months its only content has been
has based on entering Twitter to see
Wilson clips from Wilson of the one two TR
that has already gone to the four and of and
of the rest of the bad truth newspaper is
It is true that he has kept quiet. No man.
He said he was going to do a reset, I don't know.
Maybe the burofax is what they were going to do
arriving had something to do with it but damn it
the account of that gold eh or so because I
I started looking for old cli in your
account The account has been removed or But
has deleted the account because it was there
I think it has not simply been removed
There's a little bit of a pretty girl's [ __ ] here.
pretty old girl from when we were little
I defended us on one of the occasions
that we defended ourselves in one of the
The last tweets they sent me said
as if I wasn't going to delete the account that
that he was going to leave her there like a motel
but that he abandoned her and that thing and for that reason
seen another account has been opened for
talk
of and of reflections and
Hey, well, look, I'm glad you didn't.
I deleted it
because maybe we have to throw it away
hand at the moment takes advantage before
say nothing, take it, download it no more
Download it now Hey that flea market FJ
Let's go to the market to see what you have
I'm looking down here with this
reserved Oh I can't believe it an irl
But why does he do it vertically and carries
I think Alfonso is wearing it. Alfonso is wearing it.
and does so and turns it into
camera man go go go little while
vertical markets also have
The clearer the truth is, that is why it is inflamed and
gives a feeling of Mira has 200000
visits and 17 likes
Of course the vertical ones are the visits please
you see it
and here they arrive at the market
see what he has stuck is going or rather going
ready to go to the market
I don't know, that is, a lot has been prepared
the more he has dressed, the more he has dressed
made up much more than when she
does his live show at home
seal s yes it goes can be found with the
can be found in the neighborhood
mobile let's clean the camera
In the back we clean the camera a little.
and to the action to
I had never seen a flea market
I am 40
just doesn't matter 40 just to spend the
challenge but if a little wedge of
but apart from the
challenge Let's see So I'm going to tell you one
something put another way would have
grace would even be fun if he came
challenge of let's dress up for 30
You know what I'm telling you, be it raised from
otherwise the idea is not bad
problem It would be a content okay Okay
Of course, but you're always complaining.
You're only 40, so you're not worth it.
Well, look, I'm going to teach the part.
39 14 apart from Super Random eh it's like
I had never seen one that buys some
handkerchiefs look look at the part here that
you'll see
5th
5 for ig friend FJ Tell me tell me the vertical
It has more than 200,000 visits, of course.
200000 that's why he did it that's why he did it
That's what I do. It's what the
vertical that there are people who still
keep doing it I mean if you do it like that
On the street it does make sense because it is
a content maybe not but in a
uncle study to add visits that are
fake ones that are like those on tikt are Pin
Pin Pin Of course because if they paid you
but they don't pay them, what does it matter if they are visitors?
fals But there are people who there are people who
He is very obsessed with the subject of
way to falsify a
[Music]
little with the with comparing themselves Look at me
I have more visits, more numbers, more yes, clo
actually actually the one who is
doing knows that he is falsifying the
data you know you know you need
do it like that No She realized it herself
if the question that she knows she to
the best thing will have been done vertically because
She wants to have more visitors but she
has said publicly that the live shows
They are a lie and I also tell you Javi
that when you look at the statistics of the
direct this and look at the audience A lo
You'd better get 20% of Türkiye, huh?
10% of
Japan people who are doing like this
Uncle exactly Then you don't even want to
public nor There will be people who neither you nor
that but well pay attention here to this
part here come with FL no money
what the [ __ ]
Damn, you have to come here with more pants.
Hey, but don't put it on what he's saying.
the man the whole rack at 5 and now
He is saying that we must come with more
money, well if you have 40, well, look if
you have to buy yourself if each piece of the
coat rack There are 5 which is not enough
with floor for the pppa the idea from
the beginning the Peppa the idea from the
beginning of the YouTube thing she what
have you seen it's the money, that is, no, don't believe it
content with enthusiasm that you like
you like what you are creating that you
like what you're talking about
the topics you are interested in
offering she is what she saw here
It's a form of host, there are people here
who earns a lot of money There are people here who
It's okay you know and she saw well I
I put it there and I have a lot of art because
I am a big brother and I am very funny.
Well, I have many friends here, Enida.
Well then let him raise his gang and that
enjoy but you don't have the strength to win this
money that goes to tiktok to make
direct that you earn more money in
tiktok here with the live shows then well then
I don't even get that from TR
Consolation one day one day p I have to you
make a tutorial Javi Well yes you are going to
have to teach Well, I don't
activate monetization on tiktok no des
activate monetization or anything in
tiktoko don't say that tomorrow everyone will be here
on tiktok No in fact in fact it is that
In fact, they don't even let me do it directly.
I downloaded the program here for the
Uncle's study computer or something like that
to do the live shows too
simultaneous and it doesn't let me because as a
That at the moment they throw me a video because I
says I am
penalized joli that can't Hey the
flea market the flea market is this only one
clothes or I also buy
shampoo wanted to buy a panty
true but nothing else shampoo and stuff
I don't think so. And what did he buy? What did he buy?
but love is a few handkerchiefs and boots
a sweater, a jacket, a moment
so very important that almost almost
is right because people only thought about
in which she bought some panties but no and
He spends the entire live show complaining about what
that once or twice we have seen and
again at least that's what I have
seen by me for my part he complains about
40 as if it were [ __ ] for
buy instead of giving them
thanks you know it would have been a
The point that the point would have been
that would have said look you know that you
I say when I finish buying the
panties or whatever it is that we 40 go for
to donate to the association against cancer
you don't have you don't have and this that I have
I bought it and I put it out of my own pocket, damn it
that Irene gave it to me
Leon doesn't buy a single detail from
Alfonso who has been his chauffeur
camera didn't buy him anything damn he would have
bought something some
churros What do you like
uncle panties
We'll also see over there.
[Music]
In the end, she doesn't buy any panties, but
To your surprise, I no longer know if it is
You say it's a joke because it's already there
carried forward the issue of
flea market, imagine what you expect
release here already in the car said to
let's see then I don't have too much nor do I have too much
missing or what or what happens and the total sum is
spend 38.2 euros on it
keep a commission a commission is had
what to save
Well, I can buy a little forge or
what does it say has a pool of water if any
The same thing happens to her again as the other one
see what thing
so anything is contained in
YouTube, I'm going to put it here.
crow anything is already contained here
on YouTube
eh anywhere Wait for me to come
this
well well well here after doing the
buy some boots, a sweater, some
I'm going to have to wear tights
make the water, it has water if it has
a live show showing everything in
conditions
conditions that you test in
straight
final that I do not criticize but we have been of
buy 40 with 40 Ah and what it does say is
that will have to come back again So that
I would have to go back, I would have to do
another collection To buy again
in the sea but that's what we need
criticize is like you always know
using there the and that's how I ended up
to find out here live that you have
made an irl flea market yes it has to
raise money for the spring season
Summer good And then already clear what
They make the joke a little clear.
You better raise money for a second one
once and you forget
go could be no host would be great
It would be great. Well, I'll see it now.
in February giving it his all to say the last one
part with CR Javi is telling you
orus if you can clarify what put you in
the mobile or something
that's it
I put on boots
a warm pair of tights
warm
damn H Wait
But look for
forward but she drives
and I'm going to do it
try with people who
need I'm going to do a
cringing a crowdfunding for
buy me 30
10 neck dredges
stop a crand to buy brot 10 of
tank and another 10
normal, of course, that's the way it is, I'm leaving
aender
I'm going to
to be silent is proper, not
own of each 10 of each in its own
The models are a crand to buy
Braga is something we've never seen before.
Here, look, we have some left.
with the words of I don't know what
They quickly learn all the words. Hey
whatever it is whatever it is let's go
They see everything, they see everything, I don't understand that.
I do say that, I don't crave the box nor
Joke the box yes I have always said the
box
because I copied the idea from the one next door
of knife So I think there are many
that they haven't criticized me on the subject
from the box but because I took the idea away from him
That's why the knife is so quiet.
I wouldn't have done the same thing with faco
that I got the idea there would be others
How many are making themselves feel safe and criticizing the
Well, continuing with the teacher
of ceremony that this cli FJ you are going to me
know if it is current or Carmen Of course
I think this is it if I'm not mistaken.
They sent it today but I think this
actually belongs to him before
believe or rather expect that Nuri
Cris was going to report him, he's the one bullying
We heard Cris telling me lies in
bustero the day I have you in the
bench you'll see what face I have
violent the day I am sitting at
sitting next to you in a side
bench of that V you're going to find out about it
What's the value of a comb, pretty girl? There you go.
find out what a comb is worth
because what is violent is you have to
hear from your mouth talk about
medical records which is violent
is
listen to the people who bother you and the
that I contacted to get the
information and give to another person what
It's annoying that you stick your nose into life
Nobody's what is annoying and violent is
that the channels give you coverage by
to cause harm Being an accomplice to a
criminal like you because you are
a criminal lady what she is
violent is that you
pong Where is the picture of a 4 year old boy
years for everyone to know what
That kid has a crazy face.
Go around Barcelona, ​​watch out. That's it.
violent but
violent or
what to tell you that he wishes you death
long and painful you deserve no less
much suffering to live a very life
long and you suffer a lot that you throw
Tears of blood every day
excess H where I know that is not even demandable
nor is it
condemnable and when he makes you cry
police saying that I have you
threatened that he is afraid to go for it
Melilla this is new. Hey, they're trying to get me.
saying hey shame on you and what
you go down but the face that you have I don't
I know
So no, if I'm not giving it to you
explanations cross this guy I am
saying that violent is what she
makes him violent Is that they give him coverage in
The violent channels are that they harm the
people without knowing them without having
done nothing for the sake of doing
violent damage heard and that everyone
who wants to believe them, creates them and they make him
echo that is
violent that is violent to tell you that yes
that photo of the child came to light, it was going to go to you
to find Yes of course but I'm not you
I'm not going door to door.
You see who is nir where he lives If he does
I move heaven and earth so that
the mother denounces you and puts you where
have to
getting into it is what you can count on
end of the world because I'm going to find you
Yes, I'm going to find you legally now.
is legally that is being violent if not
You like it. Well, it is what it is and
fact is from yesterday Look it's new for
sink you and sink everyone who has
done what he has done now
We commented It seems very heavy to me in the
I will help you as much as possible
all that
I can so that you fall, so that everyone falls
those who have spoken about the sentence and
May all those who have done this fall
the channel the
good sentence
Hey, who wants to start because this is it.
that there are many things here to comment on
but it seems to me much stronger than the
clip is new than it is old because
I put it believing it was a clip
where he flirts with Nuric Cris before
encountering the complaint is the key
beginning has begun to recapitulate everything
what nuric Cris has done continues
Forgive this man why is he so
obsessed with you I wish you death and
death and I hope you die like this because it is
a poor, bitter little man and
frustrated And that's it and there's nothing else I can do
be angry with who S And such But it is
I can't even get the words out of this
I don't even see Loli's Cos as a Lady.
black deía from deep Spain to
that you die that Tears of blood and
I don't know what, I don't see it as a bad vibe, like
I see things like that, very aggressive.
aggressiveness, a lot of violence always
a lot of blood very ordinary things things
that you deserve to have your mouth broken and
that you bleed and I don't know what blood a life
of suffering Not I what had most
heard until now was [ __ ] in the
cleric's belt and I come here
I see these things and I say but this is
where did he come from we are dealing with the guy
of people we are treating
clear and always death when something
immediately comes out of his mouth is suida with
death and illness and that you suffer and
I don't know how to do it
that all those who behave like this
because deep down they have a [ __ ] problem
bitter life or rather that's what they all are
some bitter people just like the following
son of the great that is the first thing that
He comes out as soon as he has something to tell you
It starts with the thing about the son of the great such and such
that you die, that's always always the case
Same thing, yes, Carmen, then he is good
person is the victim is Javi who
crush it crush it
crush your stuff yes, record your stuff yes
that I record what others do, no, not yours
Yes mother m I thought this clip eh
It was a little more outdated but it is
recent because well it starts to
recap and tell that if Nuri Cris
First of all, if I don't know about the reports
what the other thing is not known, does not stop to think about
that he has meddled in her personal life
in the personal life of good and Private
Loli's contacting relatives
along with Tania for example among many
things always happen to him the same way for defending
to things that don't even concern him and he gets involved
by insulting people to insulting
to threaten people with things that are not even going to happen
with him exactly goes with Loli he gets involved
in the middle goes with Tonia gets in the middle
defender or savior of I don't know what then
Now that I pay for the car, I'll give it to you.
Pay Tania, of course, that's very strong, eh?
of nuric Cris's complaint eh No
that has not arrived that takes a little while but
tamp a complaint arrives immediately eh
man but you at least the av not the
judgment
time has passed No not yet
too little less I tell you that
arrive in a month but but in a in a
week No man or at least I already know it
I think so, but you file a complaint.
And this is your best idea to see why
try don't you see that he already tries no no it
I say as such He's going to try to cover himself up.
You'll see. Don't look for logic in it or
It drives me crazy that he tries to say
that when he says that he is looking for her that
I have nowhere to hide
it is legally is
legally
We have 12 people who are going to report
people of anything you see what
We have said things about him but if every time
Saying something about someone is a crime.
threat that you are going I don't know what you are
daughter of but never always be women
the thing about having your mouth busted out
until I bleed, he tells me that.
It grows even to the hair, that's why I'm telling you
that is in armory let's go
Well he told me that he told me that as
one of the commanders has left him with death more
once and for all, eat also that
put his head in a bucket of water
Yes, I know about atrocities at times.
free you will see documentaries and things like that
Everything bad sticks to him, I don't know.
because that way of wishing remains with him
death to the people my mother you
a way and then he's going to sue I don't know
Who? Of course, of course, I loved it.
that each and every one of those who pay
They have spoken about that demand for this sentence
that he will do everything possible and will
help in everything so that all those who
They have talked about that demand for that
sentence is going to help a lot a lot is going to
help that you don't see what it will help
vaud a lawsuit against him for meddling where
He doesn't care, he's going to get sued.
That's what he thinks
goes
indeed worthy with
Well how worthy it is to talk and
say that others when he has already
got involved with Tania to investigate life
has publicly told the life of
Peppa, that is, she doesn't have any.
medal to wear or whatever
is everything that is criticizing would have
to remember everything you have said in a
past to say Well I'd better be here
I am silent because they can precisely
to be throwing in my face everything I have
done a long time ago It is that it does not have
sense I don't know if you heard him or not but
when he said
that brings us all together
Corrillo and that he sent us here, here no
of
Serene, watch these two.
is by
I already told that to LoL the other one
when direct
at 5 in the morning when you just finished
make the videos to tell us what
we have to
send a WhatsApp days in
answer or
be but what things so
fools always have the same
mantra how they act but if it is that
He recognized it when
gu if I recognize it clearly but this
They repeat the story but not only him
many people
more but if they see to see what
First things first, that is to say that they have
They have already said this on several occasions
that they have to if discord group that
If you come in here, I'll tell you that if
Now I'll send you privately, so this is it.
have said in public, that is to say, to say no
No, there is no need to investigate too much.
when when they put the ex that of
defamation that they put on me came out the one that
we said making a video first
YouTube measures the Johan plan with his
tweet the laughing cat the laughing cat
I don't know if it's Tania or Joan, I don't know.
Who of the three is the laughing cat?
but he is one of them because he defends the
the same arguments
than those we already know and damn
The other day he uploaded a song with a
Yeah, that's not something you know very well.
So they have manifested themselves
publicly of the plans of how
machines and their strategies for example
They project to me there is a click that I
It seems that I put it the other day in the
that video that seems to me to be the main one
mind-blowing and I'm just curious
I would love for them to leak one day.
their conversations handling each other
that is, F, you do what is done by
prosecutor will get angry in time
some
exa the one who lives the one who lives like a
second life is the one that lives a second life
on the internet saying that he is a prosecutor, I don't know
qu cu Well then that
telling that the Planas had
contacted trying to reason why that
He told that a while ago in a space
Yes, the main thing is that I am a prosecutor.
that there is an audio of her out there
saying that I am a prosecutor, aunt that I
I am but that one has been there for a while
Do you think each person had it on the channel?
until he found out that he wasn't
it
It was many years ago, yes, but the conflict
with that lady comes from when the
a long-standing argument with the one who
I told you, they contacted me and told me
that lady what is true is
Yes, he has a job but I don't know.
Maybe it will be administrative or something
and yes, for several reasons it is to me
They argued it with me, okay? And they taught me.
some little things but the Movida Is that
That lady is my first time
I met him because he wrote me some
emails this I don't know if I have told it in
some occasion Yes yes yes taking me
with the other getting along with him
another lady wrote me a
email and told me you know what that I am
prosecutor and that I have seen the file
Fidel's entire and the entire sentence and
the reports of I don't know how many and it is had
that knowing that it is Fidel, I don't know what I don't know
how much and I'm going to filter those emails
I have it saved in case he wants it.
deny Fidel
that she was a prosecutor and that
there was
seen had seen the entire history of
the whole issue of gender violence
Rocío Carrasco and the other and that she
I had seen the reports and I don't know what and
that he was going to leak them because people
I had to know the truth and I
I answered, I have the whole conversation.
in case he denies it to me because I have the
whole emails in case she denies it and I
I answered, "Madam, well, you don't have to."
do that because that is not what is done
if we have to talk, we talk about the
things that come out privately and he answered me
She already, well, I am like that, I am red and
Prosecutor, I swear I have it, Carmen.
I am red, I am red and a prosecutor and he took it and
He already got angry on social media that he is a prosecutor
got angry and no and didn't answer me anymore and
time Ah well he sent me a photo of
A good one would be she sent me a photo
super old black and white
someone with a toga or with a you know and
at the time in one of the photo accounts
time but very much in time in another account
that was created and that profile picture was put
That's why I knew that the one in the email was her.
Ah, but then that photo caused a stir.
because it wasn't her and they sent it to her
to the person
supposedly she wasn't supposed to be her
Then they sent it to the person
for which he was pretending to be
Look, there's a type of impersonation.
of identity, my goodness, there with the photos
and but do you believe that a person who is
The prosecutor is going to say, aunt, that I am a prosecutor
Hey what?
I, as a person who is a prosecutor, will go for the
life saying that it happened
I can say life I am a prosecutor is a
character that has been invented in
internet to give yourself something to feel something
to feel there is that as well as fear
respect that prosecutor Don't mess with her
because there are people who are like that
needs
as jurists, jurists in matters
family, friends and others do not go
Many are proclaiming and saying that
They are neither lawyers nor jurists
Well, she works, she works on something, uh, something
has something to work on, the best thing is
judicial secretary who had
tij no no but there is something because I don't
agreement on which process was one of them
the processes that said things that were not
they knew in
public can't do that anyone is
that
siaro is that it is that as in the end it is
eat a complaint if you know if you know that is to say that is that
He's going to load it but mu yes in reality
her name is not what she says her name is and
Now search but you will find it
one way or another by the IP the IP by the
ID regr car of all who enter
networks do not Remember those from Valencia who
They brought up the whole issue of that, I'm going to tell you.
Look how those who had entered got out
let's see the clear file, right?
The truth is that the IP is not the carid
entity I have been many times
for reporting it but of course they are
There are so many that of course it can't be
denounced everyone Man But it would be
it would be a hit
eh because there are several procedures of
What you say is that no
you can't tell from the parts
even or rather it is that they are her I have him
heard two or three times he has sent me
things you say about something in a place
works Eh or she or maybe
She has a husband, I don't know. Of course you know that.
you know but he has mentioned two or three
things that what happens is that it is no longer
prosecutor would obviously not speak as
speaks nor would say the things he says nor
such is a role I met many people
so in these 10 years eh in inter but
Note that this role in networks was
as the lady was like the lady who you
threatened that he knew
Well, maybe you do realize it.
someone who wants to pretend to be
important that has a role has a
work has some power something that
makes you stand above others
be a court cleaner and search
the chips when it is
cleaning but but it is to say that it is
prosecutor or the other one who was a close friend
from so-and-so is the only way that
pay attention to them because if not it would be one
but there it is clear I will put an audio
that you have to listen to me
If there are people who need me
agreement of several cotill forum members
and Anne in her day that she for
feeling part of something was looking for there is a lot
people like that on the internet and for feeling
part of something is inserted as if it were a
your thing and I know why there is some one
acquaintance who is telling you
You are my friend, you know, and you believe it, and for that reason
feel part of something because life
real does not have me inspector
Treasury still but I'm going to put the tax
audio has been sent by urus who is
asking me to put it on to see what he wants
Say something about the flight Hello Good night
Good night Javi, good night everyone.
I'm Orus, you know that, I just wanted to clarify.
that Irene León was never on the flight
It has not been a flyer, it only called once and
Then he gave us the strike, I say this for Sister
so that things are ignored
that people say is worth it a lot
Thanks for always listening to me Javi and
You will always have me to help you in everything
what you can so you know a kiss
To everyone A kiss chat Carmen you are my
hair, gorgeous as always, Consuelo
equal to everyone and well wings for you no
I have adjectives I have made you a lot of
less a kiss to
everyone kisses like
Irene the flight is as it is I am
that I didn't want that, I'm telling you.
orus who have they told me that
I don't believe that anyway, they are
speculations Because if in the end it is not
has is a
outlining that story to me that
history where it fits me the most is because
be a user of the flight attached to the flight
at least of those who are there head
We are visible in the flight I don't think I don't
stick a Cos it makes no sense that it is
on the flight and is giving money to
other people
What makes the most sense is that it is
related to the
LoL no no no what makes the most sense
which is related to the Loli Loli of
the way everyone is insulted
the anger that everything catches us has
called everything with Irene León only the
I have seen Call the student has been the
deeper tone that it has taken with
Irene there was a live broadcast that
see it didn't get like with us
logically I subtract the rest from the donkey
called everything and this lady told him
He reported a video and they wanted to put a
strike Well one of these that she puts
to name her and with her he never uses that
tone nor has threatened her you know that
let's go to Loli, she doesn't give a damn, she looks at Johana
morilla the barbarities she is action
reaction let's sweat everything and with that
Joana to all this about Joana with with
Loli is also a criminal, right? I don't have one.
I have no idea, I think so, no, because there is but
with a lawyer because there were threats to me
I think it was me, I think it was a penalty, eh?
He said that he was going to be crazy
Yes That's why with
Irene tiidas for what she is used to
and after he tried to ruin a video
the channel has been more, let's go if it is that
You tell the rest anything. I
I can tell you that I gave him a salary
Antonio Davía escaped and started calling me
of everything that if he had looked at her
you say that if it was me I don't know how much
that
that I would fall asleep like Rocío Carrasco
I took something you never wake up and
Then I'll see with Irene how it is. And the
student but it doesn't start like with the
rest no I don't know it's weird I don't know it's weird
But anyway, they are rare.
you can analyze
Many are rare, the truth is that yes
neither
analyze Of course because in the end you say no
It fits with the behavior of a
normal person but none of them
They are normal. So that is clear.
there is no normal exact man who
Loli no Loli yes it is more normal
Is it true that we are going to see a normal message?
that Lolly sent him, I think it's Alan
Maybe I'm wrong but
I think they told me it was for Lanne
I think so, but why have I caught it?
Now I've been here for a long time
silent Why do they remember you?
[ __ ] F you F you this eh so this is
wonderful look at this is lol wait for the
loop is already like infinite uncle the
Lolly reacting to me reacting to
she reacting to me reacting to
She talking about me but how many are there
here one two, that is, there is one two three
four Lolis eh and three
jais by
please no
one thing that you are sharing is
Sharing with the tab because
This is how the echo saves you
I think I don't remember I don't remember I don't
I agree with that but that is what I mean
the person looks like a [ __ ] Of course because a
one is
many a kind of crime that is
the one that you and your lawyer act on
always do the same story
passing eh private data looking for data
and all that I can ask for my
privacy or not clear or they have to tell you
say everything only to
You handsome, well you don't say what you say
Well, there you go, you defend what you say.
clear and prove it and
Prove it, we'll see, not with Coruña.
patronesses there a week before already matter
solved if you want to make it legal of course
make it legal because the others
two the other two fleas you have
back are not heads
Are
They are cats in heat that go there and don't
They knew how to go and rub themselves in some
side
Mother, this guy I'm with
in my mother of God, uncle, these are things
you know you're being sued and you're still uncle
sig I imagine you insult me ​​so much
I know it's so sneaky but I think it's okay
carry and fall the same words that have
released at some point is that the
unique as if she knows how to express herself
words that they have had to say to her
she doesn't but let's see or so it is
What did you say before about the Art of Troy?
that he looked like a gentleman from Spain
This lady is profound and I'm going to say it
That's how clear, madam, you are a
sexual repression and what a repressed person is like
sexual because it has this type of insults
towards the rest of women because this
type of insults only has them
towards the rest of women he does not have them
towards men then that you have
a very repressed or sexual life
very dissatisfied with what she has in her
house is not my [ __ ] problem and that's it and
The court repeats this to me
Please, I have no problem if
It goes No if you are taking care of registering in
Galicia
be it comes closer with nonsense you will see
when the thing approaches to see why
now it looks very far away and all smiles
We'll see later, we'll see later, 2026. Okay.
but next year Javi in ​​nothing
We are that the months fly by, right?
It comes to me, it will come as everything comes clearly and
Now how far it looks, well, the people
It's like Jiji, you'll see all smiles you'll see
then you'll see You'll see
I was going to say that she has Claro you
You tell her she is sexually repressed or
be sexually and she's going to tell you
He will answer that he has a satisfier
with the name of a youtuber to m
I didn't even know how to plug it in.
surely you don't know
plug it in, it plugs you in, but it can
give current or something I didn't know how to turn it on
I know it
massages like that, I don't know, the only time that
I've seen him with him, eh? I want to remember him.
that his friends, his friends so year of
Troy were dead from the disgust of seeing
how he was rubbing it in his face
he put it on the
mouth is that is that you have many
free hours I have not seen that
he has been with a Consar when when
They argued and since they didn't pay attention to him
Loli got angry and left
He gets angry with Ar de Troya and Tania
but he started to grab a dildo and
put it on your face and in your mouth
suckers So with the satisfer
satisfy the
suction cup and as I don't hope that
was brand new I hope not
it was brand new at least
no longer mother of God a thing of and as
She didn't feel that the whole case was for
She got angry, left there and that's where she went.
an anger that they had For not having
enough prominence for her to tell her
Ané Lu said that it disgusted her to see her with him
satisfy the
mouth with whom we are
trying this is a this is a
explanation that Loli has to give us
Pay attention because it will be very clear to you
I said I'm going to but it's boring
it bores it bores
so much abuse, my mother, total satiety
that's it, that's one thing
there you go, you're going to pay for it.
pay that you don't cry girl no
cry you knew that the thing was going to you
come but from far away
you will remember which movie you have to watch
or what nightmare dream there must be
had to go out there and say so much
so much but enough of so much
nonsense is already in court I'm going to you
put your hand in because other roosters if you
I would like to sing, pretty
Ale, touch yourself, touch yourself, touch yourself
[Music]
Hala the most normal day in the live of
Loli
eh There's more there's more I don't know I haven't
seen but
let's go sill Like this crooked Like this
tor to match the painting that
also twisted Carmen you made me laugh
Carmen, with the Chair thing, I was looking at that one.
chair
tor look at me, I'm complaining
back look that I'm staying
how my balls got in the room here
every day but I imagine that I enter
in a room in my house and I
I find my mother
so I close the door again
door know nothing here What
pass No I close the door of
enuf you enter your mother imagine the
mother who is listening all day to the
daughter, just as she should be as a mother
no, he doesn't realize it, but he tells you.
The worst thing is that there are some things that
hits you like Peppa because Peppa also hits you
answer sometimes you have a moment and
He sings to you and answers you with
songs but of course Hey no Loli already did it
surpasses because Loli when she is
Loli has already copied it Loli is the one
Let's not start because that's what
it hurts a lot
From Aless, it is Loli who started with
songs was Loli this little joke that
LoL with that noeg a lot of class a can
songs from Let's not start Let's not start
He didn't speak, it was a song that came out
because he sang a lot about the
songs by Loli of course have been
copied the one who sings is because it has been copied
copied to Loli that's from
she ayol Vero when she knows how to be Ver
see, we have to make a meeting
he no I think no I think he's not going to
go in fact is that I think that if you don't know
presents the preliminary hearing is no longer
judgment is already clear when he sings it seems
I think there is an appeal if it is not presented.
if you do not show up at the procedure
then there is no judgment there is no view for
What's the point if there's nothing to say?
clear appeal so much to say and then not even
siqu what
If you do not show up, you cannot appeal.
then no it wouldn't make sense no no her
No she she is not discussing the
demand she is accepting it of course
Of course, then what is granted is
you request and it is already clear
agreement thinks she's going to claim that no
has nothing that has nothing then
There is an embargo already. There should be an allegation
Well the same thing you have to donate
has to pay whatever it takes so
with that you have nothing I her
noada its n and noene nothing Yo la La Movida
With Loli, I think it's going to be
that she is going to pay, she is going to accept it
that they put the request and he will do it
pay and publicly will say that it is
lie and that's it, that's what I believe
I think not, I think yes because that is already
It is seized, you pay it whether you like it or not.
I want to think it will
page is my thing but I was going to say excuse
mine but I don't know if I heard that it was going to
claim that
that it wasn't going to be that it wasn't very there eh
or something like that, that's not worth a civilian, but that's it
It's for I don't know what that is, a civilian is not worth it
that will put something of what I what
I am understanding her because she
He has already said many times and if I don't show up
Shut up Don't say anything else
fool that two duros are a pittance or
something like that from what I've been learning
This lady is not going from here to there
will appear at the trial to discuss
this be you
Imagine Carte blanche to continue
making two years straight saying it
that it comes out of C already but that's what it is
That's what I was talking about the other day
when I opened the box they
They also know that you can't
sue them all every day, that is
ler laser len laser len continues and is
sued you know for me for giving it continues
eh but don't keep talking about me
because it doesn't seem like I say
Don't talk about it, we're not going to see that
Don't tell me the things he tells me
This non-abusive aunt who stole her
tell me, eh, to you, dirty cat, that you
roses with I don't know who, that is, if you spoke
you can talk if we are
Speaking about her recently, she told you
that he was a scammer, eh, scammer he was
new was new was new clear he says it
openly because he has deceived that he is
you said
queer
demand everything she accuses of everything of everything
By the way Javi they say around here in the
Chat says Jo Hunter is leaving the Thermomix
It's not the chair, the chair seizes it.
A chair at least for him to sit on
right what I have been catching is the
that I'm getting that maybe
then he takes it, it is not surprising and he discusses it, no
Well look, I told him this because it is that
You realize that he is not going to show up.
played to discuss that but if she that
The videos are from Intelligence
artificial Clear clear eh And it's going to
spend money on a lawyer to pay him
to the lawyer some costs that you [ __ ] for
lose for nothing because we have
We have asked little of him for the things that
He said you understand me. Then what I
I think from what I've been learning
He will have gone to get advice and will have said
Listen to me, they are two hard ones, eh, I assume it.
day that day comes in a year and
peak and out you know neither and publicly
He will say that it is a lie, that is what he is going to do.
do if I take hers I would say I would tell her
Look at the lawyer, you better shut up and pay them.
Of course the lawyer would say, "Well, look."
we thought so much but of course what is it
what we are going to say in court
Of course, Loli's is on another level.
that of
It's that the videos are there, it's that they are not
may for you Joana Morilla and no
for and when it is put on, continue with Consuelo
This week is that it does not stop, it is not
say damn I already have two I'm going that's it no
no no nothing and the ones that are left are Carmen and
the ones that remain, that's why it's a shirt
he doesn't care at all
eh because come on there is a way to answer
to people who agree that you don't
like what But there is a way to
answer but it's that answering is already
It's crime after crime but it gives him
just as he doesn't care, he doesn't care, he is
What I am telling you clearly is that you are not
you're going to be suing everyone
It's that there are so many that they are very
special all man that Loli could
be almost daily because it is that you
This week we're going to say some outrageous things.
clarified atrocities
special every day we have talked
Before Marianela there is also the ar
of Troy has there you surely put yourself to such
and and it also falls no no and and without searching
a lot eh And without searching much man to
you see you have to be very
disproportionate when we are
answering for example in my case I
I answer him and tell him what it is
a loser, you understand me, similar, phew, now
Let's see if we have already seen that very
disproportionate already but Javi is the one
of ard Troy no Javi that of ard Troy
No, it's not going to come from you, of course.
The retro has already gone through many parts
several eh a lot but what is it that you
I say that I tell you, I speak to you about myself that
It's that you say It's not that look at what
He says and yes of course it's not that you're not going
to sue everyone is that no
You can It's that people people tell you
Okay, but sue him, report him all the time.
world like Claro but how are you
seven what he says now that he heard it
calling you a forger along with PPPA
Beltrán Yes, but suing is
start putting money on the table
It is not clear why the box is as it goes
seeing it will get no good and no
not only put the money but assume the
in case you lose too
assume the costs and what you Claro Por
That's what I'm saying, you have to look at what there is
If you lose, but listen to me, you're going to put it in.
just by putting the box it is set to
that one if the box keeps growing for
to be able to get my hands on all of them but on the one
Troy is not in my plans but more than
nothing because I answer him and and he
insult too and all that stuff now
Well, what is this lady doing?
says: Well, this lady didn't give her anything and
We see it and we are amazed at what it gives but
We are here reacting to her but neither
We are not insulting her nor are we
slandering nor
nothing has to do with her name
I don't name her Javi, I don't name Loli.
I name her, I don't react to her.
I am not only
when he sees you reacting to the
spaces and I see him next to me and what
that woman has
Just because I'm hanging out next to you is
I believe I advise you that it doesn't matter what I wear
months without doing live shows that in the
I haven't even been on Twitter in the last month.
because because I haven't had time and
He still remembers me, so it's that and that
a thing proportional to what you can
you say
to which I Of course but that is what is not known
you can let it go and the worst thing is that too
people he surrounds himself with, that is, because he
clips and moments will end up happening
that he reacts, of course, it's already clear to him
They pass the clips But because they love her
A lot And such But what they want is to see her
Yes, and let her eat the lawsuits
Of course why not her and her while
have people who
clap and she'll be cool with everyone because
If he feels important he will say, Look at you.
Yes, you have courage. You do have courage. V already has it.
He said he didn't say it relatively recently
that he was going to sacrifice his channel for
report the channel
they had said it was
But do you think this was someone's idea?
she or what No man there she goes She is
They got the idea from watching other channels
This lady This lady no no Ila three
consecutive sentences No, he's not going to make a plan
you know but she is very malicious eh malicious
She is very malicious but she is not capable
to string together three sentences in a row Carmen Eso
Yes, but she is very malicious. No, I don't know.
I can't think of anyone who has
been able to see that this lady is like that and there is
decided
I can't think of putting my head in it, no
It doesn't occur to me either, I don't know if it
has done someone don't worry that
will end up breaking exactly the same.
truth changes this to those who today
first time we try chocolate
to follow
seeing it a
agreement Ah the agreement is
true an agreement where I to this
I loose a euro cent
206 You're too short for that, huh?
I think you reach 50 without having done it.
seen
Ah, it's not going to happen.
obviously pay for it to be put in
as Lina would say
Morgan of me
life is true is true Good is to of
Here is what I am telling you, there is an embargo and
there is disobedience of the sentence another
crime
Well, to play Pablo and to play a
Coruña of prevarication
Javi No but man is saying this
saying that it is put in court
from Coruña because maybe there we have
friends who agree with us, she can
say what you want but once you
there is a sentence if it is not executed
calls for an execution
and if not, then there is already a crime of
disobedience there are some embargoes there are some
interests So this thing about not going
she will tell her audience here to pay
in her world but she does pay let's go and and
If you don't pay, you pay with a crime or
It's very simple, let's go and this is not
We are already talking about a procedure
You know what I'm telling you, man, if he leaves
I'll keep quiet about defending myself in court. That is.
maybe it will catch and the
court say It's not that they put me
me me me and even if I say it how are they going to
agree now, but that's what it is
better stretch it out that way
defending himself No, it's not that they harassed me
because I stopped donating, which is what I don't
It is the story that finally looks back on years and
The funny thing is that not even with that and
seeing how unconscious he has been
publicly everything he has said Now
says Well he has already said that he is going to you
sue or has sued me
demand has been carried out
The claim has been admitted.
Yours was admitted for processing but why?
you have sued
you I don't know the truth I don't know for no reason
No
love her you don't know that you
You don't know, but enough of so much
nonsense is already in court I'm going to you
put your hand Because another rooster if we
I would sing another one if the truth remains that
The definitive thing will be to use the parts
doctors his words and melt it so much
here now he is going to lie and say
what if it goes on and on and on
psychologically abusing me AND
harassing me because his will be the end
remove it and then we'll see each other before
kid but
it
wanting It's that they have told her She
They have told that she is going to become
some medical reports understanding that
feeling mistreated and that those parts
doctors she sends them to YouTube and
So YouTube is going to believe me.
channels that's why they have already
explained Clear clear whatever she has
she associates it with what you have told her
She understands that she understands or
Someone has made him understand that
send them to YouTube Hey, they are people
final complaining about Javi No to youtuber
No, that's valid in court, but what do you think?
It doesn't matter what she has on YouTube.
It is wrong if it is not at most the
They will take her away if she is not well
They will take away from her the channel that is not equal
YouTube we are not going to see you they put you
as these sentences are not mine that
They are insults to me that they sentence me to
to delete this video this this video and
to pay you 0 eur or to pay you 3000 or
pay him whatever that's the sentence
So you go to YouTube now that
that you go No, that's for the judge to decide
that you go with the sentence you have to
delete all the videos that you go with
the sentence to YouTube because you
It seems that it deserves another one
sentence apart from the one imposed by the
Judge, that doesn't work like that, you get the sentence
The judge has given it to you, you can go.
What they don't understand is that they can go
28 sentence of Javi oliveira for
YouTube that in no sentence says
close Javi's channel then it is not known
is going to close. That is, you are not going to YouTube.
He's going to take justice into his own hands.
No, that doesn't exist the other way around, YouTube says
Look if you don't solve it here go to
court to solve it, that's what he tells you
YouTube
Of course, totally. Okay, let's finish.
watching this video and we say goodbye to
Loli and I said goodbye to the
People have seen that he is a traitor and I'm warning you.
you keep going keep going keep monetizing and
feeding your family to Costa to
It costs to make blood with me that you will see
you who see you, let me see you from
Forklift driver, I'm telling you and I'm not telling you
jokingly saying I see you as a forklift driver
and I know there are some who are not
name of But well, with that you stay and
Let your whole cage go there to give you
Hey, there's a channel that hasn't put my
name I'll tell you color incor This
The story is over today here and not for you
I'm going to answer that more for you
It is but you know 100% sure that I
I have my reports and what can be done
send and ask you and
ask you So ask for forgiveness yourself Of course
you ask for it
sorry
kiss you go through a court to
explain to him what you are doing and what
that you have done and we have seen it alone
in two one and a half one and a half and the
I'm not going to tell you the rest, boy, you know.
Because it's very lazy but it's very lazy
It's a lot of laziness that wants V to do it
see
Margo Well, nothing She has some
reports already eh is saying that
has some reports and with those
Reports go to YouTube and blame it
to me and YouTube of course and they close you
channel but she has it in her hand eh
doesn't do it right now because no because
is having a little bit of good
will never see a live show like this
Ricky No but perada why don't you put the
Table or whatever is higher but it is
like the two years he has been saying that
will show us what we were talking about
what was I defending myself for two years?
I'm still waiting for him to show what
I told him to start
insult me ​​for
example no
I know what no one has said so that
start with the tone she uses is that
There is no justification whatsoever because
someone but what Loli does is that she doesn't
has justification none is a
madness Well the only thing I hope for is
that in 2026 it will be presented at the JICI because
I remind you again and you sing him a
little by little to the judge as we have seen
Now that I sing to him a little and say
Hey prosecutor, maybe it's your turn.
the prosecutor and everything is already round
listen to me Listen to me I'd be a pun there There
Yes, he leaves the prosecutor's office and leaves everything
let's go, let's do it, let's open a store
Well then I'll get back to you.
remember that there is a person who does
justifies what has caused pain and
orchards What do you say? Oh well there were several
There were not several but there is one of the
big
Ala Antonio David is justifying this
I can't believe it, I can't justify it.
because Antonio David is not a person
I can't do it at all
Consuelo Antonio saw that he had not gone out to
to disassociate himself from this lady if he had
supported or he publicly more fear
to Loli that a cloudy man as for
not to be afraid of Antonio David
keeps us in the rearguard there
let's kill everyone at the moment he says so
at least it turns around
and the underwear that Go to bought him
know what he did and did not talk about with her and
Who knows if I haven't had any Cos
not what he said, maybe
vairo But what consolation does it cost you?
that he says it's okay no no no to me
He told me I don't know, he told me
when I told him but you are not
realizing what Loli is saying
huertas the words the insults man
It's normal with everything that happens to him
They are telling her because it gives money
Well, it's normal that she has to
defend And I told him but of those
ways long ago a long time ago
of course when they started with the story
I had a relationship, let's see, I want that
He told you this in private but in
public is that in public that is why
so I think I'm saying damn I'm
unlink would come out to say because of course
This lady in public he said Loli with
Loli on call and told Loli Go to
judged that with everything they are doing to you
doing and they applauded you when you gave
money Go to court, he doesn't see what
They are giving you now because you don't give
money not like me who is the one who gives you
really wants his lawyers too
The lawyer also defended the
defended Tene Call even if we all kill each other
because at the moment he said it
minimum of Loli Loli is revved and we go
account
H the truth is that it is quite inig
being smart about that you kill yourselves
you I think that LoL
to tell is that Loli has things
[Applause]
well there they will surely go for
there the shots I want to think why
These statements he made were
beginning of Lori starting to
rave So I want to think that
He wasn't watching the live shows.
none of them, nor hers either, that is
because she was still there
on the pppe Channel she still doesn't
had his channel I want to think that he didn't
I wasn't seeing or what he was saying
one nor what the other was doing and
made those claims based on what
that the other would tell her I want
think that and I totally agree
And I totally agree with Carmen.
What did this lady say, you see?
I put up with it even if it goes against me and
start stretching out everything you know, let's go
Let's see, I'm going to stay quiet, okay? And now
Ah, kill each other here there are several things look
To start with, eh, yes, Omaro, you say, not me.
I think it's based on Loli Omaro, it hasn't been
could have been based on something else because it was not
There is something else that has been based on what
Lolly tells him and maybe he has
confirmed a Pepa or someone who
talk to him so that he also takes care of himself
Loli but
eh, there are several things that come together
that he really loved Loli very much
and it comes together that with me it was already there
starting to fight or separate or the
distancing that we had whatever
Okay then of course he at that moment
What is the position? I don't even complicate things for myself.
I'm not going to look at [ __ ] if this is it
true or this is a lie this is the Loli
Whatever Loli says is the law. It will happen later.
then with time when he will have
given the type of person he is
supporting it will no longer be put in
against Loli because of course if she gets it
against Of course but of course but
I also tell you one thing, eh? If in your
moment we would all have stayed
quiet When what happened
to him because the thing was not with us
Let's see where the hell the time is now
It is pure and hard ism, that is, look for him and
little more and that's it and now also to me
I know. Well, after he has done a
video as I don't know if it was like for
To bid farewell to the year, he made a video for each
person no and anton dav she very very
affectionate with him even So he
She blushed as if it were obvious that she was
making a fool of himself by dedicating a video to him and
and me for the feeling of how he did it
video I think Antonio avid from time to time
When we tell him, he dedicates a little bit to it
of Calm exactly Or maybe
there's time without speaking Lu yes
some How how that that has been now if
this to end something like this
[Music]
an hour and a half of live streaming
for Antonio dav he did it in 5 minutes or
That's how small it was, the truth is, but he said, "Oh!"
If you want to listen to it, it means basically that
It is noticeable that it is something a bit like
Christmas Christmas Javi is here
that ant made a video about it now
Loli
and it is more or less noticeable that because of it
except Antonio David from time to time
Take care of the relationship behind such and such
we talk How strange but of all
ways but how strange because there was a
there was a time when Loli and he
They fought, it was noticeable that they fought, Loli
just a few things and at the same time Loli
appeared in the chat and asked him a question
donation and Antonio saw and Paqui looked at each other
and they laughed there was a moment like this in a
straight
I remember what you said.
Let's see, Consuelo is biting her
tongue tongue because I'm listening to
I'm all freaking out about these people
let's see if he has a person who doesn't
take off half jav now that I'm going to
I have to say it so much that I can't stand it.
everything is that I'm freaking out if you have the
channel to a person who publicly
He says, you see what he says and he doesn't shut her up.
You think he gives a [ __ ] what
Tell Loli about us, of course not.
justifies it as what it is, what you
I'm saying it justifies it. Yes, but much
They are out of fear, I think.
that enemies do not make enemies and that's it
is and why Antonio David if to whom
They criticize Javi, Rocío Carrasco, and me.
I think it's a Let's go as if they told us the
the worst barbarity he doesn't give a damn about
peel but
man Tell him more that they deserve more than
These people have messed with me and it is deserved
much more because I am God and they have
messed with me but it's not anymore
I'm going to insult you, that is, I really
For me, when it clicked was when
There have been other injustices of men
eh falsely accused okay And he has sweated or
sea ​​could have given them a voice and has
sweated like crazy for him it was him he and
then he entered the moment in which
you have the opportunity to go to men
who are going through an injustice and
you keep quiet or look the other way or you
Peel everything because you're a [ __ ] selfish person. No
It's not that I don't care about you, it's that you
They call for
phone no no and they tell you David that
I need this no no now I'm very
so busy that now you are very busy that
when you needed them
They were there when you needed them
I told you that I am losing
H I mean
Well, I was talking to you.
He at Christmas we congratulate each other
Christmas and he tells me I have to give it to him
upload to your channel I have a situation of
a father and I tell him whenever you want I say
but you know I don't have the impact
Antonio David says No, I have not spoken.
with him and he told me No, it's not that now
I am humble and I can't and he has left it
I wanted to comment on that because it is
which is closest to what Lasne said
This gentleman is from Anavid and then
Of course, if you already have what you are doing
counting you is that basically no no that
no this man from this association was
as very participative in his channel no
then and Fran then told me
Consuelo eh Now I'm at Christmas he
For his personal reasons, Christmas is not a good time.
get along well we talk about it later
parties and I'm waiting to upload it to
my channel to talk about what happens
as I have had the mess of the Trojan of
the other and the other, well I haven't been able to
do the live with him but what do I have
pending the live so that the kid
Tell a story of a very strong father
host so you can see that it is a little
a tool to defend yourself
mediatically many times of things
but what freaked me out
HM I have been amazed by many things, not just
all this time you bandages that you defend
injustices or tell me what you care about
ass and that's it, but the same as the mother
blue which is a unique and unique movement
exclusively for him but the m az by
It broke so much Yes that's why
through the guru comes the guru and the rest
The Blue Sea is important, not Columbus.
seeing his career on television as
Do you think they are from the blue m?
the cl you Remember that of
that time 15,000 spectators 16,000
spectators that we had
We were talking about the subject, not just him.
those of us who were talking about the topic 15000
viewers every night because Olga
Poor thing, she's already started to break down.
the horns on Olga no
about Marta but the one thing of the
that caught my attention the most
these last times already in which I
I stopped talking to him and I've already started to
session man eh Paqui may have the
vocabulary that she uses
express and I think it's great and each one
on his networks he does whatever he wants but
Of course you have a lady on your channel
that Marta is saying that I am
I agree that even the lawyer that I
lawyer they had there that that that That that
night I know the man and I have
spoken to him many times because he has
been the lawyer
And then when the thing about and such then
I was talking to the lawyer to
inform me so I can talk about my videos no
Fernando made a face that I couldn't see
came to say something like that Marta was
he was engaged in the oldest profession
from the oldest profession you know and
It's like how are you going to say that about your ex that
the one you say you have to go up to
your channel that is not the same It is not the
Jesus himself was speaking of
Fran from an aligned father who also
uploaded to his channel and was the first
contact for him to reach Jesus through
Of Fran, whom I knew, there is nothing to it.
what to see what
strong how strong eh it's very strong
because it is an association that has you
supported by what has happened to you that
when you started with the channel
been there supporting you to give you
content man that costs you no longer
say no No now I can't not humido him
You say, hey, after the holidays
We speak clearly, you don't tell him anything else.
Not now that I'm very busy, say that it is
this one is tied up
I disappeared, I think I saw something else that
It's not the way to answer, you see that they are
I'm not going to create a bang bang bang
I'm not going to say either
nothing
escem Write to me in the group
Write it to me
as of Nov
are the forms are the forms are the
ways of dealing with what is that when I
said it I say man I say I say when
If you want, you can get on my channel but
Obviously I don't have that one
repercussion But of course I'm going to do it
to go up and tell and say what
have to count Claro
but he is with 100 spectators
1900 no I believe I don't know I have seen it with
2000 and 3000 eh so it's clear no longer
It no longer reaches 4000, we have that.
I could have a lot of people here and
such But if it is not that it is very
left is very left Look I would base
in something very simple is that any
type of friendship relationship that exists
of help whatever with Antonia I saw all
every relationship is all people give a lot
more gives more and he gives just enough or nothing at all
just enough to please you apart from that
already V because his personality is believed to be
He is God and the rest of you are all.
the subjects of course he believes he is a
supreme being and the rest of you have to be
there then, worshipping him and giving him everything and he
not to give anything and that's it, I don't know about him
where many people are thought to come from
from which it follows that they have done it to him
believe that a character is a collaborator
That's the thing, Carmen, is that
better the
conito people have not been here Lidia
Lozano Kiko Matamoro
Carr vends
with no one famous are famous will have more
Lidia race
Claro Lozano is a being who has worked
in woman man and vice versa in the gh Duo
in such Now it is enough to tell a But and
why you worked today
because but I mean that there are people who
He has it as if it were a guru or a but
even if it is only a collaborator by
your own means that you are nothing more than
no one uncle but always very arrogant
very that yes he said it eh he said once
I don't remember if it was something like that
referring to me or the Rem remember that
He told him something like I am in another
heat above that
You said it, you said it, but I think that
He considers himself eh, it's separate, he believes
Of course he believes it if he was saying it
Well, we will answer the informality thing.
to digital because well it is at the level to
those below are obviously
we're going to waste time answering
I say, well, nothing, boy, of course it is that
He says he misses two by TR says Well
look he believes it he believes it Hey but there is a
There is a recent thing that I don't know if
You saw that it was precisely in the
the live show he does talking about the
sentence in
I haven't said anything about him for a long time.
Good time is a recent live in
He who speaks well about several things does not
opens the live as if celebrating it but
how good it is to do it another way and there is
a point that refers again
as towards the channels that with a
He smiles and says that it's good that he
He respects that people talk about him but that he
do it once more because with truth no and
I believe and the feeling that you get there
you say man I think that what you You do it
What do you want to convey, or to understand, is this?
but you think you don't like everyone
the channels that talk about what you don't like
likes or means that someone likes something that
He didn't. Of course, he loved me. He loved me.
He got the strike. It didn't hit me.
put but But if it is no longer spoken apart
He tried to put it in me, he tried to put it in me
He put a stay on me a few years ago
months ago he put it in me recently but it's
What other colleagues don't know, I
I'm not going to tell those who tried it
also put this that I did know but
He tried to upset his colleagues
with which he has not had problems and
assumes that it has cordiality
Damn, I'm going to leave, I know what's going on
that I did not accept mine and the other
It seems that it is not
How long does it last when they put it in you?
strike How long do you have to be
Without months I won the fight. Well, but yes
you win it TR months months if you don't win it
three months and you lose the video Claro
but that's what I don't understand
because that mania of fighting for the
You delete the video and go take the wind. What?
There is a problem if it is
you erase it there Put Although it is no longer valid eh
within the constitution you cannot do that.
you can't attack him or her
freedom but they tell me to erase
Well, I'll delete it as soon as they get it.
pear tree is not worth it
delete it That's the thing is that a
time it reaches you Apart from that it is I mean yes
you give in or he's going to do it to you
every time you say something he doesn't like
and you censor yourself
c if anything I say bothers you
someone you can always for good if
Hey do you mind removing this video or
correct it or I don't know what good to me many
Sometimes they have come to me in a good way and they have
said so well that I said I look
I never delete video but hey look I'm going to
delete it Yes but because it's worth it Javi But
because he asked you nicely
maybe you are in a position to reflect on something good
Okay, so maybe I went too far on this one.
comment should not have been said
This is also something I have said that no, eh?
They have also been good to me
They have also come to me in good spirits
ask me to remove video and I told him
What the [ __ ], I've removed a video
the scriptwriter the editor the miniature artist me
ig as he is or rather lying to people and
He kept lying that he hadn't
uploaded by mistake which was shown there
much like he is And how he spoke to Rim
as if we fix this a being
superior to me makes me and how he treats me
elet given the
How strong the controversy was with Rem because
Also the rowing was
but what happened soon turns out to be
that the guy was uploading those videos
when he was putting us in a bad mood
We did it to Venom too.
They went to two to rim and see this
also and continues with the practices of picking up
all the thumbnails Here yes everything that
catch Yes yes adás Now now I would tell you
who is someone capable of lying when
He knows you're lying and follows you
lying to your face and saying it's not that
I uploaded it by mistake, by mistake I put such
I mistakenly took it up five or six steps.
to YouTube for
upload it or rather a video that he took
with all his balls a video of
remember and uploaded it to his channel and it continued
lying to people's faces
saying no that it was a mistake that it was not
He realized that the face is that
he sees people's faces as idiots
He thinks he's smarter than everyone else
There are eight super chats left for the target
and we close with a sorco tilla
dancing eh
leave that for the next live
We all dance but Elo wears clothes
for the next one we all dance but
the objective of
50 for the next one I'll wear jeans yes
not the snowflake pants
Okay, good.
guys we had we had Loli's thing but
what ah it's true that you told me
Let's see it. Ah, I have it down here.
Oh yes, have it here sharing it clearly
Give Happy New Year to our
ad But this is a video of
Congratulations to our Adal yes
green How big is this? Well, nothing.
Here we do have one of the Grand Mira
what colors Look what colors it takes me to
I didn't make one myself Yes yes to everyone
I think yes to everyone, but not to me.
TRUE
Not to you
No. Ah, well, I didn't see mine. Well.
better not see it better not see it no
nothing happens you didn't miss anything here either
yes we have one of the big ones for me in
my head and in my mind the greatest
[Music]
man in your mind you are allergic to
chocolate that is a courageous father that
fighter
and hardworking and
that is still there is there And I hope that by
a lot
Hello, how are you?
you are Look what
shameful little sun beautiful no sun not yet
Missing Not this video The truth yes no
because I don't want to congratulate you but
because I may have already told you
congratulated
Well, to tell you that you are great that you are not
never change, keep moving forward
eh Nothing and no one eh can stop you
one from the manual uncle yaas is super
fan like a
good idol that is fine is his
right also I tell you clearly of course yes
if it were all this this does not have
nothing bad
you know every one of the best that can come
for a person in this new year who
We are going to enter above all with a lot of health
Good health to you and all your loved ones
And what a beautiful message all yours
projects continue, continue on your way, m already
you know eh you're not alone you have a whole you
community that is there loves you and you
support you have
everyone there with you from the
hand
and you know, thank yourself for
always
having felt welcomed and supported by
a great person and a great one
great person
so of a great person and of a great
person and what else do you want me to say no
HE
Hey
queer much happiness much health much
health and that is
fulfill all your projects
I remember the first time I
you sent a message when
I hit you very hard, I made you my cell phone, she s
and you wrote to me I remember that exclusive
Here are the ones I told you yes yes You are you
You are ad and I am Lolita the
singer, that is, she made him reach her, she made him
get your number anton writes to you LoL
It was very special and Loli didn't believe it.
Of course Loli I didn't believe it But this is this
I don't see it, let's see, it gives a little bit of
cring And such But I don't see anything wrong with it or
may I be the same, I also tempered with
Paula Chevarria, you sent me a
audio by Paula Echevarría for a
birthday and the difference there is This
It's the same one we saw a little while ago
saying The cat in heat and everything
That David if he hadn't seen Loli and such
had contacted her
sometimes not but well that's what they say
In the chat he said it in a live broadcast
a bonus of 1000 is very nice
a bonus of 1000 A bonus of 2000
who said it who said it I don't know
I just saw a little while ago A little but
That's a bit far-fetched, that's not it.
we can know no one We can't do that
affirm nor clear that she does not know man to
see that he will have given him the most gift
big, that I think is very obvious
here no that no we don't know what But yes
the pppa has been paid what it has
paid in front of us to the [ __ ] to everyone
the superchat that has given touch to this
It will have been the one who will have let us go to him
he will have put a buckwheat in the coffee
I surely gave that to him, man, for
what doesn't want to mess with her
you also know man For now the
microphone the microphone and the Chair are of
But those are things that are
the least FJ but let's see the me
The chair was bought for me by the people here
of Teres Salseo in a very late moment like this
Come on, they bought it for me and nothing happens.
people can buy things from you people can buy things from you
You can give it as a gift, there's nothing wrong with it.
The problem is not that. The problem is not that.
The problem is that you throw it at them.
other colleagues with a story that is
false is a slander, it's worth it for eh for
Don't let the ladies get angry with you
why To continue having a good
relationship with her and say that it is that you
Yes, you love them from the heart. That's it.
bad to me that to me that Loli as if she
has put the entrance of the house that no
I would mind, you understand me and Marina
I also send it
congratulations I don't know, we're going to remove it now
Marina does tend to have good ones
words always For Marina eh That's it
The truth is, yes, look, not long ago he
He also sent Marina a hug and such
But the problem is not which person
with which I don't see her getting hooked and
He recently gave Marina a hug
Marina or something of that [ __ ] what r Well
but at the time he also had words
made
when was that measure of
Granada and I don't know what it was there but what
It's one of the people I haven't met
seen so much hate in Cono with Marina with
of those surrounding Javi who has him
everyone and with Marina I don't know but
That is what I am telling you. So the
problem is not or here I think that everyone
who receives more and who receives less gifts
of our followers if one day they want
give me a chair they gave it to me
They have filled a box and paid me
answer to the complaint That is not
problem the problem is that I Aha here
took and from one of the people who most
I take it and I'm watching the
the nonsense you are saying about me
colleagues who have defended me
have defended in delicate moments of
my life has not and it has been very good for me
to defend me in delicate moments
of my life and now I take the story of
This person who is clearly seen to be
very well noil the story no and that you leave
you on your channel with 4 5 60,000 people
To say well is that Loli deserves Loli
He doesn't deserve the harassment he's being subjected to.
doing because it has stopped giving Din
to the rest of the channels and it was Las' turn
I applauded the neighborhood when it was good for you
money and now they slander her a little
colleague and then put the icing on the cake of not
like us who love her
true That's what's bad for me that he
make a fan video and love it and
be like for me Paula Chevara perfect
luxury you know there is no problem in
that is the problem what the problem is
that the problem is maintaining the lie and
evidently publicly link it
what this lady said but then why
behind keeping her happy or if she is
lady is like well it's that it's that I
I think it represents the Blue Sea's opinion
personal eh I mean I think they don't have
contact But she refuses to even
accept it or acknowledge it in public
the same as when I said yes that
had been having dinner with them Yes she
He lies a lot and since the other guy is not going to
say in that
It could also be that, I don't know why.
strange reason to know if it is true or not
lie as she is a mythomaniac you can't
know it But you can do that too because
It was a very strange moment that I told you about.
said live if I remember it is
that there Antonia made a gesture with her
followers like to laugh at her
that they were talking to us, let's go. Look, it's okay.
She was a lady but But she is still
a fan, I mean, look at him when he has it
put on camera and is dedicating it to him
a few words Look it looks like a
15 year old teenager but look, look
that after so much relationship
having carried on for so long with
He who now acts like this is true that
It could be that there was quite a bit
distancing and maybe
now I don't know when seen publicly or
mention him or whatever it may be that
becomes this shyness and this
shame because he thinks that I believe that
He is more shy here than when he did
the call on the Anavid Channel
Yes, but the way to talk to him is the
same as a 15-year-old teenager
years
I'm embarrassed to talk to you and it's
So, well then
Sister No, no, let's go, okay, let's go, let's go
Go on, go on, the poor thing is here
She is resigned. People back down.
the people have given it good people
He will want to sleep now, he will want to leave
already already already
What a challenge here nothing is given away but they have
arrived
HE
Listen Oh sorry because I was going to put the
music Ah okay time publicity has me
a little bird told that the sun was shining
mornings he is doing direct knitting
for the ladies yes and I want to get there
at 1000 and wants to reach
1000 subscribers because it's not the same
channel is different no heli just no no
Oh no. Oh okay.
Man
Okay, listen, Sister doesn't want to dance.
another time or when it is uploaded again
the one who dances or the one who doesn't dance
see but if we get to 50 let's go
all that is the
next next Wait for you
I put on some music Let's go let's go
but
p truth is we have to put the serious music
good
Devil's idea, big ass, has a tit
really [ __ ] I don't know what I'm going to do
I want to give him anal sex
[Music]
sex Come on, come on, come on
Oh what art What
Well the music is over or
or has fulfilled Hey
I thought that the s had been stuck to me
He backed away, "Hey, that's our s there, huh?"
but I have put the Sor channel
in the chat if this doesn't deserve to get to
the 1000 already man I'm going to Loy you
fix Sister In what situation have you put us
Now to tell Loli that if we
we found her opening the room and
We found her like this and we closed her door.
door we are here haot you dance to
2:30 at night don't laugh so much in the
next Circle as we get to the
objective to see if we can reach its height
I dance I dance I dance no no yes it is not
because you dance Javi, you move like
the
Playmobil Always Never has been a
problem Hey guys, you guys have to fulfill your obligations.
of
return to meet you back in the
chat has put alne fixed there the the
Sor channel meet you back and
that it reaches 1000 but there is still a long way to go
or what not no 584
over here 400 Ah well there's a handful missing But
Well it's not impossible ha7 eh I think so
comes comes here so that he can see
There are 1800 people, damn, you have to arrive.
Yes or yes it's already going for 600 60 one eh eye
We'll arrive in a moment, let's go there, come on
we arrived at time s but we go number
Of course because I'm reloading the page
from your channel Ah yes but no but don't you
It appears round yes no no it doesn't appear to me
round to be less when clear less
out of 1000 he tells you one by one, oh no
knew
626 we make a little tune here, Oh
What music do I put on? Don't you think so?
after having listened with a smile
anything is not worth it, of course, wings that you
Come on, daughter, you haven't paid for the internet.
my internet, what is my internet today?
[ __ ] what do I tell you a little box one
internet box, please
when you change the lamp alne p one
box for the lamp I have to put one
lamp for so many things
no no for the room lamp
I say yes no yes yes for the lamp of the
room for the mobile phone that I have
had to buy
new It has a lot of hco
There's a nice pizza there.
eh is that
still
Where is this that I still
I think he's in Australia, huh?
what FJ arrives at 661 eh 661 at least
close it in
700 700
subscribers man But he has to
reaching 1000 has to happen if there is
1800 people here. Well, put on the music.
from gref a
accountant bastards I don't know that what what
subscribe for free that you dance
with me the next Corrillo Let's go
dance all over the window all over the window
the whole window we're going to shine I
I'll do a live stream tomorrow too.
It's probably because tomorrow is Friday
Tomorrow is a complicated day, tomorrow you will see
I'll leave it to you tomorrow.
They ask if you're going to the salseria
Of course, of course, I'm going there, I'm going there.
there tomorrow morning it will be
Carmen surely at 12 tomorrow no
I have a dentist tomorrow maybe because
the afternoon Ah no tomorrow he said it is not
true tomorrow I have a dentist. Well then.
Well, in the afternoon I'm in the morning
I am here, tomorrow we will see
see Cross no crochet croch Well nothing
Guys, see you next week
e Thank you all very much for the
Company, I'm going to the salseria
subscribe to all the channels
Of course you already are. But oh well.
just in case and we
[Music]
We see likes, please leave them likes.
like
[Music]
Oh ah
k Oh
[Music]